It isn't easy for children who have to grow up without seeing their parents. Safie's parents weren't cruel, and they certainly weren't bad people, but they were largely absent from her life. When her pregnancy came to light, the young and very newlywed Mr. and Mrs. Delais decided they weren't yet in a position to raise a child. Together, they sat down with his older brother—Safie's soon to be uncle—and worked through the arrangements she would live with. Though they would be allowed the occasional visit, they would be her parents in genes only; her uncle would raise and care for her.
Naturally, as she grew and observed the other families around her, this unorthodox family dynamic planted a dissonance in Safie's developing mind. She saw her classmates, all of them, living and connecting with their mothers, their fathers, while she...wasn't. She couldn't. They were alive and well, and kind when they visited, but why wasn't she allowed to live with them? Was there something wrong with her? And the more she thought on it, the more she stewed. Why did she care so much? Was her uncle not enough for her?
Even as her uncle encouraged her and her natural curiosity, those inklings of dissatisfaction never stopped stirring within her, so while her drive to learn grew vaster every day, her capacity for frustration dwindled. Safie would rage into confrontations for the slightest irritation; picking up anything from shouting matches to physical fights, for most of her teenage the only way she knew how to let out her anger was through aggression towards other people. And her uncle didn't fully grasp the severity of her actions until Safie needed to be checked into urgent care for a set of stitches. The last fist fight she found herself in ended with her landing on a chain link fence, partially skewering her stomach across it. At last putting his foot down, her uncle resolved to find her a less destructive way to ease her temper. A hands-on approach seemed like the best option—and so with some contemplation, mindfulness exercises, and a bit of light kickboxing for the especially bad flare-ups in aggression, Safie spent her remaining three years of school slowly, but surely, training her anger.
Her emotional health better secured, Safie graduated with relatively high grades. She had always intended to continue her education, but despite her uncle handing her pamphlets like clockwork, no campus ever grabbed her. A year out of high school, and what felt like a thousand brochures later, Safie was, to put it lightly, intrigued by a school who thought the best way to attract students was to invite them via physician report.

Safie is a lady of very few words. She says exactly what she means and doesn't see much of a point in lying to people.
Despite appearances, she's actually fairly thoughtful. She's introspective, creative, and always thinking about how her words and actions will affect other people, even if her verbal filter often doesn't do much to keep her thoughts from leaking out.
Safie does not like leaving unfinished business. She'll be sure to complete something she starts, and when she's determined to do something, she'll do everything she can to see it through.
Safie is actually kind of a huge nerd and loves to continually learn things. She enjoys reading, and researching especially, as it's one of the few things she's able to really focus on. However, that also makes her kind of a snoop with a weakness for gossip; she'll sometimes eavesdrop while she's people-watching just to feed her curiosity.
She's slow to befriend and spends a lot of time observing someone (sometimes even without them knowing), trying to understand them, before even making an effort getting attached to them. Gaining her approval, though, means she's absolutely got your back.
Safie's idea of fun occasionally involves messing with people, but she never has any malicious intent. She's more interested in entertaining herself, and others if they get a kick out of the same thing, than looking to cause trouble or get on someone's list.
With a tendency to disappear into her own head, Safie is not great at paying attention to, uh, most things if she's not terribly interested in it. She often overthinks and it's hard to hold a conversation with her.
To her, very little comes before her own well-being and happiness. Safie is the type of person to sneak in when people are arguing over the last brownie and swipe it for herself. She clamps onto things she wants; food, books, people, colorful pens—if she takes a liking to it, she's probably going to try and horde it.
Safie's temper has always been a...problem. It's gotten better since she started her training, but she still has especially bad moments where she just needs to punch something—she tries not to make that something a person, unless that person has made her truly, blindingly angry.

The bus had barely opened its doors before Safie kicked off from her front-row seat. Stairs? Nah. She braced herself on the metal railing and vaulted down over the three low steps separating her from the exit, barely ducking in time to miss the door frame as she did so. With a salute to the bus driver, a smirk, and a spin on her sole, up went the hem of her blouse as she knotted it tight below her rib cage. Her smile and steps never faltered as she strode well ahead of her fellow students. A new school, with new rules, but she was going to take this opportunity with her own terms.

Argions have bright silver hair, bluish or purplish skin, and their eye color can range from vivid blues to even greens and yellows. When they reach the latter part of their life (about 245 Earth years is their average lifespan), their hair, eyes, and skin dull and tinge with pale turquoise.
A fairly popular trend among young Argions is a color-modifying process that introduces minute traces of foreign metals in conjunction with a light electric shock; hair, eyes, and even all of their skin can be changed like this. It sounds dangerous, but for them, it's basically the same thing (and about as painful) as humans getting a tattoo.
This process is actually a variation of a much older and more common practice, where Argions plate their bodies with stronger elements to give them more durability. Silver is a soft metal, easily broken with enough force, so reinforcing it with platinum or other metals is beneficial to those with more physical jobs.
They are very difficult to poison or gas; their silver bodies allow them to filter out many harmful toxins and foreign contaminants. They can breathe freely in smoke and other not-so-friendly gases and ingest things that would cripple most other species. However, their natural filtration can do little for smell or taste—rotten food still tastes gross and gas leaks still smell awful—and their bodies will begin to react negatively if they are subjected to poor conditions for too long without pause.
Argions can naturally preserve heat very well and conduct electrical charges around them. Every person varies with how well they can direct the flow of energy, but very, very rarely, some Argions are born with an advantage in this field. They possess the magical ability to generate their own electricity, and can exert such precise control over it that their metal bodies can be shaped to the Argion's will.
Fantomera is an undead Argion. Her body, preserved in a morgue following her murder, was reanimated by Cain. Aside from becoming cold to the touch and occasionally leaking a curious cosmic darkness from a wound which never seems to heal, her biology is virtually unchanged from the day she took her last breath.

Far off from its bright white newborn star spins the cold, flat planet of Vivante Bassi (or VB for short). VB takes about 2 ½ Earth years to make one full orbit, is about 1.5 times the size of its blue-marble cousin, and has less than half the amount of water covering it. Days are sunny and brisk, while nights can be either calm or torrential, depending on the season.
In early days, the only area that allowed for widely sustainable life was a thin belt of temperate land all along the planet's equator. Most of the natural food was tubers and bush-berries, while small animals could be trapped by quick and clever hunters. Three massive lakes spot the planet and are essentially the only dependable source of clean water for any large population.
Everywhere else was a city of hard snow and ice populated by towering, hardy trees and creatures covered in dense fur. Nothing but the toughest of animals were capable of living outside the equator.
Life had been difficult for pre-infection humans on VB, but their symbiosis with A. sauv allowed them to turn the tides on the harsher elements of their planet. Its silver properties allowed for greater heat retention in frigid climates, giving them the much-needed chance to venture out and cultivate the sprawling taiga outside their slim habitat on the equator. Today, the main civilizations of VB were built on the settlements of these first-generation Argions. Much of the planet remains uncharted.
Over 10,000,000 people are divided among two metropolises each slightly smaller than New York City—Spinaunor on one of the great lakes, and Spinasut farther south. Between them and all along the richer ground of the temperate equator are a multitude of agricultural and fabrication towns, while within the cities are schools, residences, markets, hospitals, and industry headquarters. Dotting these communities are grand, twisting spires that, functionally, both protect surrounding buildings from lightning strikes and provide power to the people, but symbolically, they represent an expression shared among Argions: "Reach far, reach high, discover everything you can see from the sky."
The government consists of one large council divided evenly to reside in both cities, each composed of community leaders and business directors. Their main purpose is maintaining a balance between getting people what they need while still letting the companies that produce those necessities stay in the black, but they naturally have an interest in keeping their fellow Argions safe. To that end, in an attempt to forgo the need for a formal police force, the council heavily emphasizes the growth of healthy communal relationships, a method they called “Charaidon”; they believe the best way to minimize crime and violence is to prevent the negative environments they originate in. Citizens are encouraged, and sometimes incentivized, to extend a hand whenever they see someone else struggling. The Charaidon system is far from perfect—Spinaunor and Spinasut, hosting the bulk of the population, are at high-risk of tension-related infractions—but for the most part, it's had the desired effect.
Technology has not yet reached a point of long-range communication (they still rely on written messages, which is why the main hubs of society are so close together), but Argions have advanced enough for many to live comfortable lives—well-lit houses, good schools, and indoor plumbing. The hospitals are the most technologically-advanced places in their civilization, accomplished by a massive push to ensure Argions live long, healthy lives. It's resulted in most of the population putting more of their trust in the doctors that heal them than politicians that seek to influence them.

As cruel as she is beautiful, you would be a fool to underestimate Fantomera Cross. She is a woman with goals, self-assured, cunning, and with so few scruples to speak of there seems to be no task too outlandish to keep her from something when she is driven to have it.
If she speaks to you with any kindness, be wary, as it certainly means she wants something from you. Fantomera has truly loved only one thing in her entire life, and that was taken from her the day her daughter impaled her through the chest.
She can act and improvise quite well, still surprising herself sometimes. The good doctor habitually keeps others at arms length, yet her masquerades have kept them from being pushed too far...just in case she has use of them later. She views most people only as tools for her own advancement.
Despite having a generally negative attitude towards those who rely too heavily on others, Fantomera believes in personal reciprocation. Adequately perform a service for her, and she will assuredly return the favor in full, even if she would normally not think you worth the effort. Never let it be said she is unfair; clinical and kind of creepy at times, but not unfair.
Fantomera does not dispose of something, or someone, she still sees use in. Her tendency to preserve, even actively protect, a resource is about the closest thing to true friendship one can expect from her. “Waste not, want not, my dears.”

She was hospital director for a reason, having spent a near century studying and practicing medicine. Fantomera has an almost perfect knowledge of fundamental mammalian physiology and knows exactly how to make you hurt if you cross her. Her perceptive and kinesthetic senses are abnormally acute, allowing her to react so quickly and so precisely that it often catches others off-guard.
Fantomera is an outstanding medic, capable of performing field assists as efficiently as if she were back in her operating theater. With just a scrap of cloth and a small battery, she can bandage and soothe* injuries to get her partners back into the fight. The better materials she has to work with, the better she can patch you up.
Though she lacks the magical abilities her daughter was born with, even average Argions are immune to electrical damage and can turn that energy against those who try to harm them with it. Basically, if you come at them with a stun baton or lightning spell, you're in for a very nasty shock. Literally.
Fantomera's prideful miscalculations handicaps her from detecting deceit, and she underestimates those she views as incapable. This leaves her vulnerable against those who hide their true nature or abilities. The less impressively you present yourself, the easier it is to sneak up on her.
Plain and simple, she is a noncombatant; Argions are more durable than most, considering they're made of metal, but Fantomera lacks raw physical strength and has absolutely no combat experience. If she finds herself in a fight, the only way she'd be able to win is by getting in close and incapacitating her opponent before they can pin her down. Against two or more, she's almost guaranteed to be overwhelmed, and thus depends heavily on her partners to escape danger.
Argions are extremely weak to high temperatures. Even a simple candle can be a dangerous weapon against them due to the low melting point of their bodies. A standard fire spell is often enough to knock them out, or even kill them if they don't quickly escape the heat radius.

Has a photographic memory and will absolutely not let you forget it. Trying to argue the timeline of events is futile because she'll almost gleefully set up a scene recreation just to prove you wrong.
Hums to herself when she gets absorbed in her work. Her singing voice is actually quite nice, very soothing and disarmingly gentle.
Insisted on buying whole livestock to slaughter and cook on her own, all because she hated seeing the sloppy knife-work from the city's butchers. Fantomera became frighteningly efficient at carving as much meat from the animal as possible. She's a pretty good chef; even Marianne will attest to that.

“You don't understand, they waste so much and it's positively infuriating.”
“Such a curious boy. His mind and body have obviously been painfully addled by whatever foul chemicals he's exposed himself to, seeing this Train with superstitious awe as he does. We have a rather nice agreement, and I look forward to learning what I may while I make his wish a reality.”
“My Marinette, my little doll, discovered something I hadn't intended to tell her until she was well prepared to know it. Silly children need the guidance of their parents.”

“I am more than what you tried to make me.”
A sharp pain, a warm darkness, and then...light, burning her eyes. The afterlife? But...no. She knew this place. Walls of square, silver doors and a biting cold...this looked like the morgue of her hospital, and yet, she couldn't quite rule it out as the afterlife. At the edge of her vision stood, as absurd as it seemed, a demon. What else could look so twisted and wretched with a smile that split its own face open?
Fantomera's hand floated over her chest, and she felt a deep, painless indent beneath the cloth covering her body. She sat up, clutching the sheet close, and forced herself to focus on the creature waiting eagerly at the foot of her table. “You, young man,” she croaked. “If you have answers, speak. Otherwise...for the love of God, go find me some clothes.”

Fantomera had a bad childhood experience wherein her father, grief-stricken by the death of his wife, jumped too eagerly at the chance to help his city's councils develop a balanced form of social security—creating an unlivable home for himself and his daughter in the process. Mildly traumatized and blaming, not her father, but the infantile system he had poured all his faith into, Fantomera ran away from home and found sanctuary within a grand hospital, where she grew up and spent an absurd amount of time memorizing everything she could from their staff and archives alike. Her goal was self-sufficiency, for herself and the entire population.
As an adult, now the surgeon director of the hospital, Fantomera's research lead her to an indescribable phenomena—Argions who could create their own electricity—and became consumed by the idea of replicating and manufacturing this ability. She tracked down one of these Argions and bore his daughter without his knowledge (and once he found out, it didn't end well for him). Fantomera raised her child, Marianne, to fully develop her inherited supernatural skills. But the day Marianne discovered her mother's lifelong scheme was the day she ended it...
...until a drug-addled ex-passenger of the World Train named Cain exhumed Fantomera's corpse and resurrected her to join him on his journey.

The Charaidon system was meant to bring stability and a sense of community to the two great cities of Vivante Bassi, and it did...eventually. The early versions, like any new system, had to be tested for balance, and to do that the councils required resources—and volunteers.
Fantomera Cross was a young girl when the call for public service reached their home in Spinasut. Her father was a kind man, but eager and restless after becoming a widower. In what would prove to be the first in a series of grief-ridden coping mechanisms, the elder Cross accepted the councils' initial request to test their new Charaidon system. “Open your home,” they said, and he did exactly that. The next day, Fantomera, still reeling from the death of her mother, found herself sharing a room with the children of total strangers, struggling to find even a moment of privacy in a house that had once seemed large as a castle.
The trial week of living on top of one another passed slowly, and at the end, though Fantomera was immensely relieved to have her space back, her father was not pleased. The home, to him, felt emptier than ever. Then, the following month, the twin councils sent out another call for volunteers, and he, once again, leaped at the opportunity in spite of his daughter's protests. This second test asked simply for donations—of money, clothes, home amenities.
In his eagerness to help, and likely exacerbated by his mounting loneliness and grief, Cross emptied their house of all but a few necessities. Several of Fantomera's belongings were packed away while she slept—toys, clothes, and even a precious music box that had once belonged to her mother. Upon awakening to a room gutted of its contents and a house blanker than her father's stare that morning, something within the young girl broke. Everything was fine, would have been fine, if it weren't for that cursed council and their “Charaidon.” If everyone could just take care of themselves instead of relying on the weak-willed and gullible like her father. If, if, if...
Fantomera would never appreciate the ironies of that decisive night; a system devised to open the hearts of the populace caused her to close hers off, and the third test she refused to wait for would be the test chosen to expound upon, and eventually perfected. She had only the faintest of plans as she packed everything her father hadn't stolen from her and departed that night, after Cross fell asleep. Small and clever, the girl managed to stow away in a wagon heading north, curling up in a ball amidst the cargo as she endured the bumpy ride to the heart of the great city. The white-stone heart of civilization, her mother had called it—the Grand South Hospital.
Nestled within the hospital was a secondary school, and it was not difficult for Fantomera to insinuate herself into the class; with a few tearful gasps and a tale roughly along the lines of, “my parents left me at the corner two days ago and I'm getting very hungry, do you know when they'll be back, Miss Nurse?”, the young girl was set on her way to being adopted by the hospital staff.
Fantomera's sharp mind, combined with her finesse and decisive attitude, allowed her to sail through her education on a fair wind. But as pleased as she was spending each day cocooned in an ever-expanding web of knowledge, she never forgot the anger of her childhood neglect, nor had she ever directed that anger at the one who truly deserved it. Her hate for the Charaidon system was as strong as the day she left home, and along her meteoric rise through the hospital's ranks, she uncovered the existence of a remarkable thing; a thing that sparked a fire in her mind. A fire, unknown to her, that would eventually burn her to the ground.
In her years of studying family histories and tissue sample, of countless case studies and house calls, a pattern began to crystallize before her very eyes. There was something...inexplicable in the biology of a handful of people to pass through Grand South Hospital; something that defied the laws of energy, something self-improving, something self-sustaining. It was a kind of mania that gripped her soon after this epiphany, though outwardly, her staff would swear, she always remained their cool, collected Director.
A full year of sleepless research, of pillaged public and private records, all to track down the tiniest common thread tying these unique Argions together. Fantomera was determined to find herself a subject, and eventually, she found him. In her sister city, at the very northern edge of a Spinaunor textile town, she discovered Malher.
Malher was a young man; a weaver, tall and slender with a heart-shaped face and a smile so infectious even the exhausted doctor caught herself smiling back when she visited his home. Despite this, and sporting the most garish hair modification she'd ever laid eyes on—a bright red of all possible colors he could have picked—she refused to be distracted from her goal.
Under the pretense of a routine house call, wearing her long-tested role of the gentle, caring physician, Fantomera extracted from Malher exactly what she had been looking for for so long—electricity from nothing, sparking between his fingertips and pulling his flesh into tiny needles with it. And what had he been doing with his remarkable talents, biology that truly marked him as one in a million? Absolutely nothing. It took a great deal of Fantomera's patience not to drop her act then and there in a fit of sheer anger at the man.
The good doctor would continue to carefully curate Malher's trust, hiding her absence from the southern city within Spinaunor's Grand North Hospital. There was nothing odd about one director touching base with another, after all; this, in spite of the fact Grand North's director spoke to her exactly once during her entire visit.
It took two and a half months for Fantomera to craft the illusory relationship Malher believed he'd developed with her, but the morning she discovered her pregnancy, she departed without a word, having gotten exactly what she set out to do.
Marianne's birthday was the only moment of pure affection she would show her daughter. The words she whispered on her newborn child's temple were loving, in their own way, but ultimately as sinister as Fantomera's intent: “You were born to inherit this world.”
Though Fantomera was now a mother, one would struggle to call her motherly. Barely a week after Marianne was born, she was returning to her routine at Grand South Hospital, with her infant daughter never far away—either held close or cradled by nurses ordered to remain by her side. These early years would have been ordinary, if not for an unforeseen visitor one fateful day.
A short time after Marianne's first birthday, Malher arrived at the hospital and called for their director by name. He'd come all the way from the northern city, hurt by her abrupt departure, and was understandably shocked to find the woman he sought carrying a sleeping child—a child with a face uncomfortably like his own. Fantomera, placid as ever, though raging inwardly at this intrusion, this unexpected threat to her work, calmly invited him to her home for dinner. There, she promised, they could have their talk.
True to her word, Fantomera prepared an exquisite meal that night, during which she coolly admitted to her guest that all she had wanted out of him was his lineage—a child born with his abilities—but since he had made himself such a nuisance in tracking her down, she would be sure to find another use for him. Malher had barely stood before the drug she slipped him kicked in. He woke up, tied to a bed in her guest room, the next morning.
It's hard to say what precisely Fantomera had initially planned for her prisoner, because after a few fruitless weeks of his pleading to be let go—of screaming himself hoarse in the hopes that perhaps a neighbor would hear him—his hostess found him dead. He'd bitten off his own tongue and bled to death to escape being held there any longer.
Following Marianne's thirteenth birthday, at her daughter's request no less, Fantomera began training her in surgical research and practice, pleased by the ambition of her child and viewing it as an appropriate course of study while she waited for her abilities to manifest.
Marianne would not realize until decades later that her first Argion autopsy was the preserved body of the father she never got to meet.
Years of lessons, of Marianne's growing power and ability, and Fantomera could not have been happier with the development she was seeing. Though she had been unsure about allowing her daughter, now nineteen and eager to apply her skills, to take lessons with the other interns of her hospital, her fears were abated when she witnessed Marianne flourishing more than she ever had when it was the two of them alone. In a sense, Fantomera was proud of her daughter—the sheer awe this young protege inspired in patients and doctors alike marked the beginning of Marianne's future in her mother's plan.
Three years passed in high spirits for both mother and daughter, both for different reasons. Marianne was close to achieving the title of doctor, at the end of her training, while Fantomera was preparing the final stage for her plot. Her dear daughter had grown into everything she could have hoped for—a master of the inexplicable gifts passed down by her father, and more brilliant than any of her peers. This was the culmination of her research, she knew: the pinnacle of their race, and soon it would be time for Marianne to lend her body to the advancement of their people, in more disturbing ways than one.
However, the doctor would not have the opportunity to introduce Marianne to her plan herself. Early one morning, with a flash of curtains flooding her room with sunlight, a groggy Fantomera found herself pinned by that very daughter, who just hours before had uncovered her mother's research materials. Abhorrently disgusted by her discovery, Marianne whispered a final admonishment before ending her mother's life on the spot:
“I am more than what you tried to make me.”
These words were burned into Fantomera's mind, even beyond death. It was quite a shock that she found herself waking up, not in her bed, but on a cold metal table, just a thin white cloth separating her from the frigid air of her own morgue. From the gaping, yet painless wound she felt on her abdomen, she knew her encounter with Marianne had not been a dream, and still...she lived. At the end of her table stood a strange young man—Cain, he called himself—and he had brought her back.
Even more curiously, this Cain was familiar with her wayward daughter. In the year following her death, Marianne had boarded a mysterious, magical train; he'd met the young woman there, and learned of her, he quoted, “ruthless Mam who couldn't even have a child without wanting to make it part of her megalomanic plans!”
Cain needed such a person to meet his own goals, and exhumed Fantomera to help him. And if this second lease on life hadn't been enough to ingratiate himself, Cain was sure to mention one tiny stipulation of her resurrection: now more than ever, Fantomera is on borrowed time. The fatality sustained from her daughter is very slowly draining her humanity—slowly, but constantly—and without a more permanent solution (say, one that could be found on an undying vehicle of magical machinery?), she will die...this time for good.
Fantomera, not one to let such an opportunity to pass her by, agreed, and the two set off on their journey.

Always smiling with just a hint of mischief in her eye, Marianne is incorrigibly optimistic, cheerful, and overall a very affectionate little lady. She playfully teases and pokes fun, but never with any unfriendly intentions.
Sometimes she gets a bit overzealous and doesn't abide by laws of personal space. Many accidental shocks have come out of this.
She does not like dealing with negativity and she'll smother those emotions if she starts to feel them. She's uncomfortable with anger and sadness and will be especially friendly to people who exhibit these characteristics in an attempt to cheer them up or calm them down. This is mostly for their benefit, but it's also so she can bear with being in the same room as them.
Because she would much rather suppress her negative feelings than deal with them in stride, she is prone to outbursts when stressed, and this will lead to her isolating herself until she feels like she's able to wear a smile again. Pointing out any way that she seems to act like her mother is great for giving her a crisis and driving her into that isolation state.
Often she'll speak without realizing she's thinking out loud, a residual habit from half a lifetime without other people.
She's perceptive as a rock so it's almost impossible for her to sense moods in conversation, but that's because she's still learning about people and their nuances. Be patient with her and she'll love being around you!
To Marianne, almost everything is classified as important information, including views that clash with her own. Provided those differing morals aren't hurting anyone, she's likely to spend the next twenty minutes fervently asking for every minute detail about those beliefs and how they came to form them. Knowledge is power!
Her mother had no regard for the lives of others, so Marianne feels duty-bound to keep people safe, even at a personal cost and even if it means she needs to harm one to protect many. It's her attempt to make up for her mother's actions.
Always thinking, she is determined to keep learning new things, and though she knows mistakes are completely necessary...she can be sarcastically overly dramatic when she gets frustrated, with the most excessive displays including (but are not limited to): temper tantrums, obnoxiously stomping around, and loud frustration-venting on a pillow or at a nearby companion.

Marianne was the daughter of a large hospital's Surgeon Director and did not have a great relationship with said director (aka, her mother)—though not for lack of trying on Marianne's part. In an attempt to grow closer to and gain her approval, young Marianne solicited her mother to teach her about biology and surgery so that she could become a doctor, just like her! Most of her life was absorbed in research (which she liked) and dissections (which she loved), and as a young woman, she believed she was on the brink of attaining the professional title and maternal recognition she so coveted when a bombshell—or rather, a file—dropped.
As it turns out, Marianne was the result of her mother's lifelong hunt to isolate a magical anomaly in Argions, and from it breed the perfect form of their species. Unsurprisingly, this discovery did not sit well with her, and soon after uncovering her origins, she encountered Allison, who offered an easy out of this situation on the World Train. After a...bloody parting gift to her mother and a commemorative hair color change, Marianne boarded the train and the rest is history!

Marianne wasn't born into a very loving household, which is surprising considering the almost manically cheerful woman she would grow up to be. Fantomera Cross did not suffer with being a single mother—in fact, most of Marianne's infancy was spent in the care of nurses while her mother went back to work. Fantomera, or Dr. Cross as she would be sure to remind you, was the Director of Surgery at Spinasut's largest hospital, and had the temperament to show it. Dr. Cross was spectacularly proficient at her job, but a comforting physician she was not—Fantomera's curt and often impassive disposition was only tolerated because of her brutal efficiency in the hospital. Unfortunately, this coldness extended even towards her own daughter, and Marianne would spend much of her childhood trying to meet her mother's high expectations.
Fantomera's position allowed her and a young Marianne to live very well, so the only things she ever yearned for were those that her mother most restricted. She wasn't allowed to attend school—Fantomera opted instead for a private tutor, unwilling to let her daughter mingle with “the reprobates who feed continuously off the hand of society,” as she put it (much to Marianne's displeasure)—and because of that, Marianne rarely had an opportunity to meet others her own age. Time that wasn't consumed by lessons was spent at the hospital with her mother, where Dr. Cross could keep a close eye on the girl. Even the staff made themselves scarce around the young Marianne; many of them were terrified of attracting her mother's anger, as they'd been instructed not to interact extensively with her. Needless to say, Marianne's childhood was lonely and quiet, and as the years passed, she reached a last-ditch effort to lighten her life with one bright idea.
Some time after Marianne's thirteenth birthday, she approached Fantomera and did two things: asked for no more tutoring, and expressed an interest in learning everything her mother had to in order to become a surgeon herself. This brought about a sliver of approval from Dr. Cross, and she, somewhat too happily, agreed to her daughter's requests. Immediately after this, Fantomera transferred several of her directorial duties to an assistant and finally gave Marianne one of the things she wanted most—her undivided attention. Their lessons began, first with enough reading and writing in half a year to fill four school semesters, and soon after, they moved to dissection.
Dr. Cross started her daughter on fauna and aquatic creatures. Marianne did have some initial nausea at first, but she'd asked to learn, to grow closer to her mother through this, and so she smothered her reservations and went to work on each animal presented to her. Over time, her dissections became almost cathartic, and after another two years of alternating study and practice, Fantomera allowed her to examine her first deceased Argion.
This first autopsy was surprising, for more reasons than one. The dead man possessed an anomaly Marianne had never encountered: masses of muscle had pooled at his hands, leaving much of his arms as bones draped limply with skin. Hours of examination revealed no clear explanation, much to her frustration. The second surprise came about one year after this strange autopsy, when Marianne discovered a similar change happening within her own body. Her flesh seemed to writhe under her skin—not painful, but certainly uncomfortable and entirely disturbing.
However, Fantomera's reaction to was markedly...unfazed when this development was brought to her attention. It may have been her imagination, but Marianne would swear her mother was expecting this to happen. This change, Dr. Cross explained to her increasingly troubled daughter, was the result of a rare inherited ability finally manifesting itself. With practice, she would be able to put it to great use, shape herself, and eventually carve a future that “commoners”—Fantomera's eyes gleamed at this—could behold with shock and awe.
Following her discovery, Marianne continued the regimen laid out for her: research, practical application, exercising these newfound skills, repeat. By the time she was sixteen, she'd practiced controlling her new powers so much that she was now able to form her own fingers into nearly every tool in her mother's medical bag.
Though she knew the relationship with her mother hadn't actually changed much over the course of her surgical training—Fantomera was as cool as she'd been during her childhood—this was the lightest she'd felt in her whole life all thanks to the intense enjoyment she got out of her lessons. When she turned nineteen, Marianne was hired by her mother's hospital and, perhaps most exciting to her, was finally, finally, part of a group. She was one of a select few to be accepted—lab coats included—to intern with a resident surgeon.
It wouldn't occur to her until much later that her mother may have pulled some strings to allow Marianne this opportunity. In Fantomera's eyes, it was a perfect way to display the careful culmination of these past six years. And display they did: Marianne blossomed among her fellow interns, despite a lamentable lack of social skills, and it didn't take long for her to become recognized, not as the director's daughter, but as an immensely talented young woman well on her way to becoming a full-fledged doctor.
But then, the files fell.
Marianne had been working at the hospital for close to three years when she came across a large, tightly-packed folder sequestered at the very back of her mother's office shelf. She'd been looking for a patient's file, and probably should have continued searching for it, but this one grabbed her attention—not only was it massive, but it had her name on it. Curiosity got the better of her, and she cracked open the folder to take a peek.
Rather than a history of medical files she'd been expecting to find, Marianne was reading extensive, handwritten reports on “possible mutations”, “lineage”, and most disturbingly, “eventual extraction”. From the massive collection, Marianne discovered this: sometime before her birth, Fantomera had become obsessed with Argions possessing the impossible ability to generate their own electricity and use it to shape their bodies to their will. She had traced hundreds of rumors before finding one of these peculiar people—and the report detailing her encounter was accompanied by a color sketch of a man Marianne recognized all too well: her first Argion autopsy, the one that had perplexed her for years.
Suddenly, the lifetime of unending scientific coldness projected by her mother crashed into place: Fantomera was never raising a daughter—she was breeding a test subject, something she could create and control from the most vulnerable point in her life. And there stood that 22-year-old experiment, stunned, clutching a history she was never supposed to know, and feeling the happy lightness of her successes condense to a sour, heavy weight in her stomach.
Marianne couldn't bring herself to confront Fantomera about the file. Numb and dazed, she slipped out of the hospital with the folder pressed tightly to her chest. It was the dead of night, quiet and chilled, and she wandered Spinasut for what felt like hours before a light tap on her head made her aware she was not alone on the darkened streets. Clinging to the roof of a low building was a curiously captivating woman, with dark tendrils suspending her over the side. The stranger introduced herself as Allison, and as she'd spotted the exceptionally miserable-looking Marianne exiting the hospital earlier, she had a proposition to offer. If she was unhappy with her current life and though she'd be able to handle new sights and adventures, Marianne could meet her tomorrow directly south of the city, where Spinasut ended and the treeline began.
There were only a few thoughts that were perfectly clear in Marianne's mind: she now knew of her mother's twisted experiment, she now had a way to escape this fate...and she outright refused to stay another day with a woman who'd birthed a child with the soul purpose of using it as a lab rat. She told Allison she would absolutely take her up on that offer, and the two parted ways.
Marianne spent the rest of the evening cramming as many clothes as she could into a single large pack, and hesitantly, stowed the pilfered file there as well. She wasn't enthralled with her discovery, but to pass up on an opportunity to learn from her mother's lifelong work would have rendered the sacrifices put into it meaningless.
But stealing the file wasn't enough. Her mother had spent years tracking her first victim, and spent more still trying to mold her into a perfect specimen. That kind of drive could never be stomped out just by the loss of records, and with a clutch in her chest, Marianne knew what she had to do.
When morning broke, she crept into her mother's room and threw open the curtains. Bright white light flooded into every corner and startled Fantomera awake. The back of Marianne's head prickled with heated hate as she watched the bleary-eyed woman trying to register the sudden intrusion.
She whispered the last words Dr. Cross would hear before a silver spike impaled the woman several times through her heart:
“I am more than what you tried to make me.”
Misty-headed and breathless after changing out of her blood-stained dress, Marianne gathered her overstuffed pack, her lab coat, and her medical bag, and exited her house for the last time. A thought occurred to her in her dazed, shell-shocked state, and before going to meet Allison outside the city, she stopped to enjoy one celebratory treatment her mother never would have agreed to (not that she could object now). Marianne changed her hair to the richest red the dyer could provide; a reminder of Fantomera's mistake.
Upon leaving the edge of the city, Allison revealed herself from behind one of the massive trees, giving Marianne's new color a cursory look and a small smile. She led her deep into the forest, and soon they found their goal—a massive and beautiful, gleaming machine Marianne had never seen before. Allison called it the “World Train”, and Marianne gleefully followed her onto it.
The weight in her stomach had broken and dissolved. Marianne had spent her whole life futilely trying to live for and love someone who could have never returned those sentiments, but now, she refused to spend another second without smiling for herself. Now, she finally felt lighter than air.
Close to a year had passed. Hair roots were coming in, friends were made, and her life on Vivante Bassi was just starting to feel like a fuzzy memory. Marianne had visited beautiful new worlds, though some were both lovely and terrifying, and she felt herself settling into routine on the Train.
But on an evening she found herself outside the Train’s safe confines, a stranger approached her with an offer. His name, he said, was Matthias, and he claimed to have something spectacular. “Right now, I can grant you the opportunity to learn absolutely everything about a world you’ve never been to,” were his exact words, and Marianne, always ravenous for new knowledge, accepted.
Her heart was light as she happily shook the man’s hand, so she barely registered the glint of a sharp-edged tail before it stabbed between her ribs.
It felt like an instant to her, going from collapsing in pool of her own blood to the gates of a sprawling city. There were others around her, looking just as confused, and some cases, horrified. But what Marianne noticed most of all was that every single person there had a pair of horns and a tail. And apparently, she realized as she went to rest her head in her hand, so did she.
Eventually, there was a call from atop the wall, and from the opening gates came a thudding procession of armed guards. They started to round up everyone there, shouting something about a sorting that would “put the new blood in their places.” Marianne, trying to take advantage of the chaos, had attempted a dash towards a side street just inside the gate, but tripped over her own tail in the process, and ended up slung over the shoulder of a guard and put in line with all the others.
“Mischief,” was what the sorters called her after some pokes at her tail and a very abrupt dental examination. For all the hassle it was getting the “new blood” in their castes, no one seemed to pay her, or any of the other “Mischiefs”, as much mind as the ones called “Wrath” or “Pride.” Even the guards that had been so meticulous gathering everyone up didn’t care enough to pursue them as they inched - then ran - into the city beyond the gates.
It took a few stumbles, but Marianne eventually got the hang of running with the extra weight of a tail behind her. She even seemed to outpace the rest of the group, as after a few minutes of running and dispersing as far as they could get, she was alone, with only the distant hum of activity in the distance to guide her to someone who might be able to explain what was going on with minimal manhandling.
The noise led her deeper into the city, to a busy market street packed tight with more horned folks. After getting tossed around, and then very unceremoniously out of, the crowd, a chuckling man emerged from the sea of bodies, and remarked quite accurately that she must be new. He said it was rare to see Mischief demons walking around in the open so freely, as most of them feared being collared by more powerful demons. The face Marianne made at that must have been amusing, because the man laughed at her again. “Call me Jack,” he said. “Stay close to me, Pixie, and you’ll be fine.”
As tenuous as Marianne’s trust was towards strangers, after all that had happened in such rapid succession, she realized she had very little else to follow in this new world. So stay close to Jack, she did.
Jack, she discovered, was what was known as an Archdemon - one of the seven lords of Hoil, as she now knew what the world was called. Marianne questioned him constantly as she followed him through the city - why did people end up here? What was with that sorting she’d gone through, and why had she just been allowed to run away? And what about him, Jack? Why wasn’t he trying to collar her, or any other Mischief demons, despite clearly being someone important in the hierarchy?
Jack took her chattering with a lot of laughter, and answered her in stride. Hoil, he said, is where a whole lot of nasty people end up when they die, but sometimes there are kinder souls, people who got suckered into a contract by greed demons. The type of person you were in life, he continued, or what you made your contract for determined what kind of demon you’d become, and the sorting was for getting those newly dropped demons into their ranks. Wrath demons, for example, become fighters; Prides, soldiers. Lust demons are picked up for brothels. Greeds made with the living, Sloth demons are guards, and Envy demons are servants.
Mischiefs are the lowest ranked, and are something of a lost caste because their leading Archdemon has been missing for centuries. They run wild and do whatever they want, but are always at high risk of being beaten, killed, or worst of all, collared and made into pets. And with an absentee Archdemon, there is little to no protection they can seek. Outside of, Jack told her with a grin, those rare few demons who think collaring people is something only assholes do. That’s why he wouldn’t be collaring her, or anyone else, any time soon. That, he said as he opened his front door for her, and his new roommate probably wouldn’t be too happy about having him collar someone. And who was this new roommate? When Marianne stepped into the living room, she saw a woman, a very familiar woman, sitting on the couch, staring at her in shock.
Eva Howell barely had time to react before Marianne lunged at her for a great, big hug. After some initial swearing and a good twenty minutes of Marianne babbling on to her and Jack about what had happened and how everyone knew each other, Eva revealed she’d been in Hoil for a long while. For weeks, she and Icarus had been gathering materials for his teleporter, trying to make it strong enough for the two of them to escape this dimension and get back to the Train. And it was a test run of that teleporter that dropped Eva, quite literally, into Jack’s lap. Now with no contact from Icarus, and her being a wanted criminal from years ago, she was taking refuge in Jack’s house for the indeterminable future.
And that was the situation Marianne found herself living in. Good as his word, Jack never tried to collar her, but since she insisted on exploring the city at every opportunity, he insisted right back that she at least wear something that could be mistaken for a collar - necklaces, bracelets, belts - so that no one would think of catching her themselves. She took that to heart pretty instantly.
Eva asked her once how she was handling her death so well, but her response was simply, “I certainly don’t feel dead!” She admitted to missing her red hair, and the Train, quite a bit, but other than that, a deal was a deal. And she had certainly learned quite a lot about a world she’d never been to before. She’d even learned new things about her own body - horns, tail, a dual nature, and an occasional craving for human flesh! What a uniquely new experience for her! Absolutely disturbing, disheartening to be missing a soul, yes, but in the same way, she had gotten exactly what she asked for.
It was this optimism that kept her spirits up, with Jack and Eva’s company helping quite a bit, until a visit to one of Jack’s acquaintances reunited them with Icarus. Eventually, with a much bigger group than any of them could have anticipated, Icarus’s teleporter successfully pulled himself, Eva, Jack, and Marianne out of Hoil and back onto the Train.
Time moves differently in Hoil. They’d been there for months, four years in Icarus’s case, but to the rest of the World Train, they’d only been gone for a mere month.

Electricity is her bread and butter. She can conduct charges along anything metal, or directly at someone if they're right in front of her. So...so many doorknob and joy buzzer tricks to come from this. But this is nothing new. Conducting electricity is just part of her Argion biology. Creating it, however, requires magic.
The amount of magic put behind each zap determines its strength - light shocks consume tiny amounts and do very little, if any, damage (unless being annoyed counts as damage). She can do these kinds of zaps pretty much all day long, even on low power.
The biggest charge she can create on her own, one that can easily incapacitate a person(s, standing close together) and is comparable to an actual lightning strike, can be used only once before she’s reduced to using lesser zaps. It takes a good, long rest before she has enough power to do this again. She can’t conduct this one over a distance and expect to knock someone out, incap comes at point-blank only.
Shock strength is also affected by how far she is from her target(s); point-blank conduction loses none of its power, but over a distance, some energy is lost. The longest distance at which she can conduct and still have an effect is about 10ft, provided they are connected by some kind of metal. Both touching a steel railing is a good example.
She can shape her body with very accurate electrical pulses. It's easier to reform whole limbs, like extending her reach or creating a sharp edge along her arm, but with more concentration, she can even be so precise as to mold her fingers into sharp scalpels or suturing needles. She can't create new body mass—only relocate what she already has.
Studying surgery for most of her young life (and copious amounts of recreational dissections) gives her thorough knowledge of anatomy similar to her own and like the creatures of her home planet (mammals and fish, mostly, but she doesn't know anything about reptiles). She can perform small operations on herself and others to treat or even close wounds in a pinch, including cauterization if she's totally out of options. She's also basically a walking defib unit.
On very small scales, she can influence magnetism. That is, if she manages to conduct two or more pieces of metal in a close proximity (10ft max, again), she can make them stick together until the magic wears off. Small items can stay magnetized up to a day, while bigger ones fall back apart in a few minutes. Uses the same consumption scale as “zap strength.”
 Her full demon form is very small and thin; a long-legged quadruped, unlike most other Mischief demons, and barely bigger than her humanoid appearance.
It only takes about 5 seconds for her to switch between forms, but switching back and forth wastes a lot of magic. She generally sticks to her half-humanoid form and only consciously changes when she needs to make a quick escape.
In this form, she can use a sort of "Blink" that allows her to jump ahead, about three meters at a time, near instantaneously as a bolt of pure energy. It uses relatively little magic, but she can’t perform it more than four consecutive times without resting for a while. Blinking through someone doesn’t hurt them, but it does leave them with an odd tingling sensation and extremely staticy hair.
It’s worth mentioning that the “full form” of demons is their true form. The humanoid appearances they adopt are essentially illusions, with semi-demonic versions (horns, tail, etc.) consuming less magic as there’s less to hide. This is the form most demons typically wear. When their magic runs out, or a feral state comes on, or sometimes when the demon falls asleep, the disguises drop automatically, and they adopt their full form.
Powerful, precise strikes from sharp objects can penetrate her metallic defense; blunt weapons can harm her as well, but it requires significantly more force to do so (bullets or something equally strong, for example).
She is used to cold temperatures and is built for preserving heat rather than disposing of it. High temperature (as low as an average candle burns) will actually cause her to begin melting, and if it's heating her entire body, that can be deadly.
Her quickness and electrical abilities are tied to how much energy she can create (relative to her Magic stat). This reserve decreases minimally every time she changes part of her body (with transformations taking more energy the bigger/more complex they are), and increasingly powerful uses drain even more.
She hasn't had any combat experience whatsoever and if facing someone who actually knows what they're doing, she can (and most likely will) lose that fight. She may know where to strike, but having the ability to hit it is another story. In battles, she's much better at weakening her opponent to make a quick escape (or for stronger teammates to take advantage of) than dealing huge amounts of damage herself.
Her limbs can be shaped into cutting edges, mallets, short switches, and her arms can even be melded together to form a shield. Charging these modifications with raw electricity makes for an especially painful combo (if they can actually connect). The club of her tail is particularly sharp, and she highly recommends you not touch it.

She's a blueblood—literally! Argion blood is bright blue, and it shows when she blushes.
Argions are utterly hopeless at swimming as they're so dense they'll immediately sink. They instinctively fear water deeper than their ankles and many avoid going near bodies of it altogether. Marianne outright refuses to even wade in shallows without at least three types of flotation devices.
Her blades are useful against bare skin, cloth, and thin leather, but heavier armors or armor-like skin present more of a challenge.
That bright red is not her natural hair color, as much as she wishes it were.
She doesn't like to wear shoes, but she'll wear them for sanitary or weather-related reasons when she must.
She's seems to giggle for no apparent reason sometimes and has a look that makes people feel like they're under a microscope (a look probably inherited from her mother, not that you should point it out). It can get a little creepy.


“You look miserable. Want a new home? If you like adventure, this is the place for you.”
“Mistercarus is here too?!”
“Yeah, dumbass got himself killed, like you.”
“Do you mind if I open you up and poke around your insides for a bit? I wanna take a look, and I promise it won't hurt! I know I can put you back together...no? Oh...okay, then. It never hurts to ask, right?”
"My Mam, now deceased, bless her sou--Ahaha! Oh, oh I'm so sorry, I couldn't keep a straight face! Let's not talk about her, hm? She was a bad person and now she's gone, so let's not think on the awful things she did. Let's talk about nicer stuff..."
"Yeah, nicer stuff, like Ally-dear! She's such a great cook, though she doesn't seem too picky about what she eats, which is weird! She eats like...anything...like, ANYTHING anything. But she's wonderful to talk to, such a great listener!"
"Mistercarus needs a LONG nap like nobody's business, but gosh is he smart. Like, scary smart! He's even more driven than me when he's got somethin' on his mind and there's no way to stop him. Believe me, I've tried!"
"Hehe! Ram-bam is lotsa fun! She's so feisty, a great pal to get into all kinds of trouble. I can't wait to play with her more!"
"Oh, Ebonpup! It took a while, but I think I finally won him over with my special sneak-hugs. He even lets me brush his hair now!"

“Good. Now pin back the first layer.”
Slightly unsteady hands, wearing too-large gloves just bloodied at the fingertips, carefully peeled away folds of cool, brittle skin to fasten them down and keep her incision open. Her mother nodded slightly. She hovered close, towering above the young girl, but never touching the body they were both so focused on; she had saved all the work just for her.
Marianne's bright eyes flicked briefly to the white cloth placed over the man's head. She'd glimpsed his face, and recognized it. Not from passing on the street or within the hospital, but from her own reflection. Spying a heart-shaped face and thin, upturned nose so much like her own had sent a shiver down her spine, though she'd managed to hide her discomfort from her mother. The man's hair was peeking over the edge of the sheet, and her gaze slid over to it. Its color captivated her despite the filth clinging to it—vividly red, and marvelously different from the silver she was so used to seeing everywhere else.
Her mother noticed the delay in continuing their procedure and cleared her throat. “Extract the object now, Marinette,” she prodded quietly.
“...Okay, Mam.”

Seels are a fanged, humanoid race known for two particular qualities, the first of which is their abnormal lifespan. Through the imbibing of blood, they are able to extend their youth by considerable amounts. They are not immortal, as drinking blood merely halts aging, mental, and physical growth. Essentially, it puts Seels in a, albeit temporary, biological stasis. They do not need blood to survive and can go their whole lives without tasting a single drop. They can and will consume blood from any source, but stasis duration depends heavily what that source is. A cup of healthy humanoid blood can provide up to a decade of prolonged youth, while the same amount from non-human, warmblooded creatures gives less; about 3-5 years. Reptiles, fish, and the like give the least; a Seel is lucky to get even an extra year out of a goblet of coldblood. A well-provided Seel will usually allow themselves to age once more after they've passed 600 years, but there are urban legends of a stubborn few who try to make it past 1,000. However, none of this applies when a Seelzünd drinks their own blood, or of a blood-related family member.
It should be mentioned that nothing ever needs to be killed for their blood. Nonlethal bloodletting is a very common and highly incentivized practice.
The other defining quality of Seelzünds is their influential abilities. These come in a range of emotional suggestions—they can calm or demoralize, arouse or delight, embolden or, most importantly for Safie, enrage. It's evident from birth which persuasion a Seel will have, if they have one at all: heterochromia, where the color of the left eye tells all. Proper study and training can enhance their abilities, and those with the most potent powers are entrusted with positions they are naturally suited. In a few very rare (and very carefully trained) instances, Seelzünds have been able to expand their persuasions to invoke more than one kind of response from their targets.
Virrechten is a middle-sized planet best characterized by the ease at which it can be divided into ecosystems—thick evergreen forests have grown tall since ancient times and sing with the calls of dark-plumed avian hunters. Warm seas studded by small volcanic islands are patrolled by fierce aquatic beasts. Sprawling grasslands with wide, clear lakes hide quiet stalkers from their prey. The only dangers in the snow-capped mountain ranges are extreme altitude, cold, and threat of exposure, but those familiar with its paths and hazards are rewarded with access to the mountains' abundance of ores, gems, and crystalline springs. Gems are a common commodity as they are found forming in every ecosystem on the planet at surface levels or slightly below. Gems excavated from deeper levels, however, are reputed to have special properties, but because subterranean digs are so difficult to undertake, there are very few enhanced gems being traded around the planet.
Though there is somewhere in the hundred-thousands of settlements, both large and small, spread far around the planet, the hillside city of Hochalle is indisputably the largest and most powerful.
On Virrechten, women largely run the show. They're believed to bestow good luck on their friends and families, which is why the lady of the house controls the finances and maintains its public image. Men take the last name of their brides and are integrated into her family until the couple strikes out on their own. Husbands are also expected to spend as much time child-rearing as their wives, especially if the child is male or shows signs of a similar persuasion. If a man fathers a child outside his marriage, that child is claimed by his wife's family.
Full marriages, as recognized by the general population, require two criteria: the participants have at least one child together, and there is at least one female and one male presence to raise them. So, for example, if two men in a relationship, living with a female relative or friend, decide one day to take in a child, the men are now considered to be a married couple. It's the same situation if the sexes are reversed, with female partners and a male companion.
Young Seels are not allowed to consume blood until they've proven their maturity by way of service to their family or community. Seels don't revere birthdays, but the party surrounding a first taste of blood can spill out of homes and sometimes pull in whole neighborhoods to join in celebration.
Power dynamics in Seelzünd society are hardly balanced. People born without emotional affinities are typically relegated to lives of physical labor, servant positions, or in rare cases, outright slavery. Non-persuasion Seels who show particular mental fortitude are granted opportunities by more powerful groups for higher education and often become scholars or craftsmen, interned indefinitely to those who funded their future. For non-persuasions, access to humanoid blood is very limited, and in most cases they will only taste Seel blood when their masters want them to continue their employment for future generations. Servants can deny this offer, of course, but most do not if they've been happy with the family they serve. In a show of gratitude, everyone in the family contributes a bit of blood to the cup if the servant accepts.
It's common to see blood drives where all Seels, regardless of persuasion or lack thereof, are rewarded for their donations. These are often the main draw of town festivals, during which class lines are blurred – publicly and willingly giving your blood to others is seen as a noble action, worthy of respect, and acts as a way to strengthen communal bonds.
The middling class is a broad collection of folks: educators, lower merchants, brokers, the occasional non-persuasion Seels who did well for themselves, public servants, and a handful of confrontation-affinity mercenaries who stay just above lower class from their effectiveness as guards and enforcers. The middle class the largest and most diverse of the three.
Hochalle houses the upper class, the very best craftsmen, hunters, warriors, luxury sellers, and diplomats, and is the birthplace of a technique for smelting metal with very little material lost. Nearly every high-quality trinket or tool can be traced to someone trained in this well-guarded method of “moring,” as it was called. The advent of moring let Hochalle experience a near unending time of wealth and prosperity, and as such drew in droves from across the globe. Every class rubs elbows in Hochalle, but the descendants of the “miracle moring” technique are held in especially high esteem. The current matriarch of this family is Madrigale Moore, a Seelzünd as admired for her kindly, lilting speech as she is feared for her husband's order of Rager Knights.

Safie has always had her own ideas of right and wrong that even the longest relationship couldn't compromise. While she generally trusts her superiors not to abuse their position, she will not blindly follow orders and always contests statements she takes extreme issue with. She is as loyal to her companions as they are to her. Her strongest friendships are with those who match her in respect and moral alignment.
It's not hard for her to get fired up about something. This can be either good or bad – on one hand, it means when she's engaged, she is engaged, 100%, all the way; that task is getting done one way or another. But on the other hand, that passion also means she will rarely stand down.
She takes great pleasure in helping people reach their goals for self-improvement, and though she might take a rather...abrasive approach to emotional support, she has genuine affection for anyone with the courage to better themselves and the determination keep at it. Her edges soften and she becomes noticeably more playful the more she sees you fail, try again, and show your true colors under duress.
Safie is a glutton for a few things: glory, victories, spoils, food, praise, and especially for punishment. While she's actually one of the more subdued members of her class she is still of an aggressive nature, rife with a number of unsavory habits including smack-talk, inciting brawls, and avoiding diplomacy like the plague. She will always try to be the dominating figure in a situation, often putting her at odds with others. If she feels slighted, she will hold onto that rage with an iron fist until she can pay it back, with interest, in whatever creative way she can concoct.

Safie Beschaad is the daughter to heiress Madrigale and Pel, captain of the Rager Knight order. She was born with the same persuasion as her father and so was was trained from a very young age by her father's second-in-command, Millos, whom Safie adored and idolized for her entire life. He taught her to harness her rage and focus it towards inciting powerful attacks and destabilizing her opponents. After Safie was granted full knighthood, Millos gave her Kalli-Mantel, her prized sword and sheath, and the two eventually went on to pursue an intimate relationship. After a near century of peaceful living (as much as can be expected when your job is all about fighting), Safie uncovered a plot Millos had been undertaking that threatened her mother's life, but unable to bring violent means against the woman he loved, Millos instead bound Safie with a suppressing amulet that keeps her from using the very abilities he'd helped her develop. Fearing for the life of her family, Madrigale made plans to go into hiding with her husband, and sent Safie to board the World Train so she could find a way to remove the amulet from her body.

Madrigale Moore's pregnancy and ensuant marriage was the talk of Hochalle for weeks. Pel Beschaad, previously the head of security hired by Madrigale's mother, was now Pel Beschaad Moore: guardian, then father, and now, husband. Their daughter, Safie, inherited her father's persuasion, and as such was raised to believe she would follow his footsteps and be the one watching over her mother. “We do not crown monarchs,” her father used to say, “but your mother is pretty damn close.” Madrigale refused to rest on her laurels enjoying her family's good fortunes, and insisted on making herself the target of rivals who envied her influence. She requires extra protection, he said, and so when Safie had grown enough, Pel, with permission from his wife, introduced the young girl to his order of highly trained Rager Knights – including his second-in-command, Millos Beschaad.
Though they were not birth brothers, Millos lacked a family until Pel recruited him to the Ragers, and the two had been inseparable ever since; Millos even took his last name as a sign of loyalty. It was this bond that led Pel to entrust the majority of Safie's training to him.
Safie was ready and eager to begin her lessons, and Millos did not hold back. Though he was instructing a child, he equipped her with weapons sized for adults and insisted if she could not wield them, she would never become a knight. Naturally, the young girl could barely lift the lightest sword at first. She fell to her teacher over and over again, and his mocking grew more intense with every failure.
Then, a funny thing happened. A year after her training began, Safie had once again been beaten back by Millos and, once again, his booming insults echoing in her chest. But this time, when she wobbled back to her feet, she heard only blood rushing through her ears. She charged her teacher, lofting high the mace that hardly felt as heavy as twenty pounds should. When Millos braced himself behind his shield, Safie leapt, vaulted herself off his knee and brought the mace down square into his face. A new Rager had been awakened.
Over the next two decades, Safie would continue her training, further impressing her parents, and especially Millos, with her vicious progress. He would profess loudly and often when they dined with the rest of the order that she could knock the whole of them out bare-handed; Safie more than once made him back this declaration with action, challenging him after nearly every dinner. But ever since the mace attack that shattered his nose and left it crooked, she barely managed to land another hit on him. Safie was twenty-five now, and hadn't imbibed any blood to keep herself young despite her parents having offered it multiple times every week. She refused, insisting, “Until I knock Millos on his ass, I'm not done growing.”
It took seven years. Seven years of continued living with the Rager Knights, of daytime patrols, of training sessions gashing deep scars into her body, every one a reminder of where she failed and how she improved. Seven years of evening discussions with her parents and their associates, and seven years of being consistently thrashed by the increasingly cocksure Millos, until one early-morning session, Safie finally managed to pull off the impossible: she taunted him, used his own technique to enrage him, kept his attention focused on her sword, and as he charged her down, tripped him up with a carefully-placed sheath stabbed in his path. At long last, she prevailed over her mentor.
Madrigale and Pel were overwhelmingly proud to finally present their daughter with her first goblet of pure Seelzünd blood, and she drained every last drop of it. It radiated like a warm bath inside her veins, filling her with so much energy that she instantly declared Millos should want a rematch to save face. He refused, laughing, of course, and instead presented her with her very own weapon – the two-pronged blade Kalli and its shielded sheath, Mantel. No one could get her to put down the sword for the rest of the party.
Safie had at last graduated to full knighthood in her father's order. In the years that followed, she would accompany Millos on every assignment that was passed to him by Pel. They patrolled perimeters, they investigated anonymous tips and disputes around Hochalle, and one fateful night, they raided a metal smuggler's hideout. In all the scuffle, she and Millos had been locked in two-on-three combat and he failed to notice someone cutting the rope to a crate suspended above them. In the split second it took Safie to realize this, she knocked him out of the way, but didn't get herself out in time.
She awoke in her room the next morning, bandaged so tightly she couldn't move one way or the other. Millos sat at her bedside, his head lolling to one side as he slept before waking abruptly, and he breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Safie's opened eyes. After he sent one of the servants to quickly inform her parents, he leaned over her and pressed his lips to her forehead. “Crushed ribs,” he said, “fractured clavicle, but you're safe. Do not scare me like that ever again, Safie.”
“No promises,” she murmured.
Not long after her recovery, Millos would linger close to her, and this did not go unnoticed by Safie. She enjoyed the additional attention. Eventually, the two became even closer, and soon it grew into an intimate relationship. Madrigale caught onto them after a few months, but it took Pel a bit longer, and then a handful of years to fully come to terms with it (“Do I even need to point out the age difference?” “Pel, you are a century older than Madrigale. I don't think you do.”)
This was Safie's norm for decades, of a loving family, exciting work, and a bright, open future. But it was not meant to last, and there came a year where everything started to crash around her.
Safie had overheard arguments between Millos and her father, always through closed doors and always heated. The most she could make out was it had something to do with Madrigale's community work, but whenever she pressed either of them on the issue, they turned her away. For weeks, Pel's knights brought in reports of Madrigale's emissaries being slaughtered as they left the city, and though Safie insisted on wanting to lead the investigation, Millos refused. “You need to stay here and protect your mother. I can handle it.”
Months passed, and they brought no breaks in the mystery. Frustrated with the lack of developments, Safie pushed her father so adamantly to send her as a bodyguard with one of Madrigale's messengers that after all the pressure from both her and her mother, Pel finally relented. Safie armored up and left with an envoy the next morning.
She and her quarry had made it outside Hochalle and to the base of the mountains before they were stopped in the night by a duo of black-cloaked men. Safie cut them down before they could land so much as a glancing blow on her, but received the shock of her life when she pulled their hoods back.
These men were members of the Rager Knights – her brothers in arms, disciples to her father, and they'd attacked her without even a shred of recognition or remorse. Tearing through their belongings revealed only a hasty note, unsigned, but indisputably in Millos's hand: “Kill the messenger. Burn his cargo.” When Safie asked the emissary to show her this “cargo,” he produced a single, heavy envelope, wax sealed with her mother's crest. The pamphlet within contained instructions for the metallurgy method that had made her family so wealthy, the one that had been a well-kept secret for centuries.
Safie's push back to Hochalle was furious. She'd sent the emissary on without her – if Millos had known she would be the bodyguard, he'd have sent more men. He'd no doubt be expecting another success, so she insisted he'd be safe. The incriminating note in hand, she stormed her way to the Moore estate, through the halls, and into Millos's chambers, slamming it on his desk and demanding an explanation of him.
The expression on her mentor's face was not one of anger, it wasn't even one of disappointment; it was one of sadness. Millos rubbed his face and slid the note back across the desk to her, murmuring how he'd wished she'd listened when he begged her to stay out of this. Safie was shaking with rage, on the verge of tears, as he continued. “Your mother has kind intentions, I have no doubt. But if she distributes that technique to every craftsmen on the planet, it'll be disastrous. Hochalle will collapse as everyone attempts to recreate the success of her ancestors. Cheapened blades everywhere, readily available to whoever wants to buy one. Can you imagine the violence to come of it? The chaos? No...I won't allow it. Not for Pel to clean up, and not for you to endure, Safie. If Madrigale insists on sending her little messengers out, she will need to be silenced.”
Safie slammed her hands on his desk, but his pained eyes never left hers. “I will let no one lay a hand on my mother, Millos. Not even you.”
“No...I know you won't. I'm sorry, love.”
Two sets of hands grappled her from behind, forcing her to her knees as Millos rose, slid on a pair of dark, thick gloves and produced from his desk a glinting silver chain with a single ruby laid into it. He held it over a row of candles behind him, saying, “The woman I bought this from swore the gem could dampen even the most powerful spirit. Tried it out on myself, and she was absolutely right.”
The silver glowed orange now. “I was going to do this to Madrigale, but...well, let's just say you aren't leaving me much choice anymore.” He turned, motioned to the guards, and they lowered a vehemently struggling Safie flat on her back. Millos knelt beside her, unbuttoned her vest to expose her chest, and pressed his lips to her forehead with another murmured apology, before laying the scorching metal chain into her collarbone and pinning the clasps to her shoulders. Safie screamed herself hoarse as the necklace seared her skin. Her eyes burned into Millos's one final time before the pain caused her to black out.
When she next awoke, she was laid on her bed with Kalli-Mantel placed beside her. Despite every movement resulting in screaming agony, Safie dragged herself out of bed and staggered over to the door, only to find it hopelessly blocked. Enraged, she kicked the door with her heel several times before giving up, exhausted. She was in pain, but it was more than that – whatever Millos had done to her had cut her off from her power at its deepest core; she felt weakened on more levels than just physical.
She returned to her bed, wondering how she might escape her room, when the door creaked open. Her mother, with the help of two knights, had unstopped the door. Madrigale approached her daughter, tended to her wound, and explained that Pel had suspected his old friend of deceit. She and he would be leaving Hochalle that evening, and so would Safie – just not with them. Madrigale had bought her a ticket on the World Train. In this way, she would be out of Millos's reach, and may find a way to free herself from his bind.
Safie resisted violently to her mother's plan. She wanted to confront him immediately, make him pay for all he'd done, but Madrigale's resolve was unwavering. “I'm sending you off to come back even stronger. Then...then, you may return and take whatever vengeance you like. Your father and I will be waiting for you.”
At last, she conceded to her mother's wish. Her belongings packed, ticket in hand, and Kalli-Mantel securely at her side, Safie boarded the train, ready and more determined than ever to see this journey through.

Safie selects a target and incites them to focus all their rage on her, drawing them away from allies. Enemies clustered close to the main target are also affected, but are able to resist with a strong enough mental check. Functions similar to a spell, as the target must be able to see or hear her. Aggressive words are what she usually goes with, but a battle cry or an obscene gesture are just as, if not more, effective. Can be used multiple times per day, but only once per battle.
The scent of blood from an Enraged enemy gives Safie a 5%-25% increase to Attack and Health.* Lasts until the enemy dies, falls unconscious, or escapes.
An ally proficient in energy transference (injecting their magic into something) can temporarily disrupt the seal in her gem, for five minutes at most. This allows Safie's Rager abilities to engage. Her durability and strength are increased for the duration of this mode, meaning about 40% more Health and Defense to keep her going, and 60% more Attack being thrown at whatever targets are in front of her. Bonuses from Your Blood On My Blade stack in this mode, making her maximum damage output a whopping 185% of her base Attack.
Safie is talented with her dual-wielded weapons and has the benefit of a lifetime of combat training, but she's always been faster reacting with her sword, Kalli, than with Mantel, for defense. As such, she's usually wide open to attacks and can only deflect the ones that are heavily telegraphed beforehand.
Her body feels the full force of every attack she doesn't deflect, however Safie will often not realize how badly she's been beaten up until she's near collapsing. She's used to her Rager state being able to get her out of a pinch and still needs to adapt to the fact that she can no longer access that power all the time.
When it isn't being interfered with, the gem on her collarbone seals off her Rager state, greatly limiting her natural abilities. However, as mentioned before, clever magic users can disrupt that seal and let her use this state for a very short period ...but do so with caution. When Safie is unchained, she will go on a rampage until the seal kicks back in. Fortunately, her past training grants her the self-possession to determine friend from foe, so she won't go after any noncombatants or allies. But if you'd rather leave enemies alive and not risk having them shredded to ribbons, it's best that you don't mess with the gem. Take note that the person who disrupted the seal can remove their magic to stop her whenever they choose, but they will not be able to disrupt it again in the same day.

Kalli-Mantel, her sword and sheath, respectively. Kalli is designed to trap weapons and potentially disarm opponents while Mantel is held in her offhand and can be used both for deflection and attack.
A family bracelet hidden under her left glove. Formerly used for social pull in Virrechten, it's effectively useless in most foreign contexts. Now its only purpose is helping Safie combat her homesickness.

Safie has a secret love affair with boxing and straight-up fisticuffs, but would never abandon Kalli-Mantel. Those weapons are her heart and soul.
If she lets you touch Kalli, you'll know she's fond of you. If she lets you wield it in battle, it's a clear indicator that she regards you as an equal – a comrade she can trust.
It's incredibly difficult to make her embarrassed, but she despises how easy it is to make her angry cry.
Keeping her swearing down is the greatest foe she's never been able to defeat.
You might have thought having her chest partially exposed is a dangerous gap in her defenses, but the chain fused into her collarbone is nearly indestructible, making it an unintentionally effective piece of armor. She likes to think it distracts her opponents.
While she still lived on Virrechten, Safie would use her father's and Millos's last name as a sign of respect to her mentors. This obviously changed. Now she only introduces herself as “Safie. No, no last name given.”

“Goddamn, you dropped the frigging ball. Get up. Do it again. I'm with you till you get this right. And you will get it right. I know you will.”

It was a deep pain she felt in her heart, beating behind a bruised, burnt chest. Safie's fingers traced the gem from its center face, to its silver inlay, to the studs screwed into her shoulders. It was beautiful shackle, flickering reds and violets in the candlelight, but it was a shackle nonetheless. She'd been locked up, twice in one day, by the man she'd seen her future in, but whatever future she'd planned for would have to wait until she was out of bedroom-turned-prison. She sat up on her bed, staring across the room at a door that had been jammed, dead-bolted, and possibly epoxied shut, but she was still debating over that one. Kalli-Mantel had been placed on a pillow beside her, but even her beloved blade was useless against nine inches of solid oak door.
Her mind buzzed with thoughts of perhaps leveraging the hinges, or commandeering every last piece of fabric in her room to make a rope out her window, when she snapped back to attention and painfully slid her legs over the side of her bed as something scraped by her door. The deadbolt slid open, and through the threshold stepped her mother, holding a bowl of water and a cloth, flanked by two sheepish-looking knights.
“Thank you, gentlemen,” Madrigale's gentle voice fell on Safie's ears like a warm wind, and their eyes never broke contact even as she addressed the men behind her. “Please remain outside while I speak with my daughter.”
The knights beat their chests once and closed the door. Safie heard them shuffling into position outside, and she took a steadying breath as Madrigale sat beside her, soaking the washcloth before gently dabbing cool water on her Safie's burned skin. “...you know,” the woman said quietly as she gazed into the glinting ruby, “when I caught Millos thumbing this, he told me it was a bonding necklace. I thought he meant for betrothal.”
“It's binding of some kind, all right,” Safie hissed through gritted teeth. Her mother's touch, though as soft as it could be, stung everywhere around the chain. “But I guess we can't trust anything he says now. How did you know what was going on? Did he try to hurt you?”
Madrigale's smile was coy as she set her bowl and cloth on the floor. “Besides seeing a statue dragged across my daughter's door—like that isn't enough to tip me off, darling girl—your father suspected Millos might be losing sight of himself. He told me to be especially on my guard – oh, speaking of,” she tilted her head back slightly and shouted over her shoulder, “everything okay out there, boys?” Her attention returned to her daughter when they replied an affirmative. “Securing loyalties helps that, too, in case you were worried about those two. I'm leaving tonight with them, before any more casualties arise.”
Safie let out a breath and shook her head. “This is insanity. You're being driven out of your own home by a traitor?” Her eyes blazed as she rose from the bed and grabbed Kalli-Mantel from its pillow. “I'm not having it. Have those men take me to Millos right now and I'll pay him back for his transgressions and especially this damn thing,” she winced as her hand tugged on the gem.
“You aren't doing anything of the sort, Safie,” Madrigale's voice was stern, and it gave Safie pause as she stared down her mother. “I've already made arrangements for you, and they aren't in Hochalle, or anywhere near here.” She stood and smoothed her dress before reaching up and placing her hands on her daughter's shoulders; Safie towered over her mother, but the small woman even now gave off a commanding air. “I've paid for your travel on the World Train, just enough to get you off Virrechten and away from Millos.”
“I am not running!” Safie snarled, trying to shake away her mother's hands. “Dammit, I am a warrior, Madrigale, and I'm not so helpless that a goddamn piece of jewelry will stop me from fighting him and setting this right!”
Madrigale's grip tightened and Safie couldn't stop a small cry of pain from escaping her lips. “You will listen to me. You are skilled, but Millos knows everything about you, maybe even more than your father and I. You won't be able to defeat him with this...thing he's placed on you.” She exhaled through her nose and slowly released Safie's shoulders, folding her hands in front of her. “I am not asking you to run away, dear. I am telling you to find a way to free yourself. Someone on the World Train or beyond must know something. Their reach is infinite. So I'm sending you off to come back even stronger. Then,” Madrigale smiled, “then, you may return and take whatever vengeance you like. Your father and I will be waiting for you.”
Angry tears had welled up in Safie's eyes as she listened, looking down at her mother. She turned on her heel quickly and smashed her boot heel so hard into her bedside table its leg splintered and broke. She gripped Kalli-Mantel close to her heart, and after a tense moment of contemplation, relented.
Madrigale produced a glossy blue ticket from her sleeve and pressed it into her daughter's hand. “When you're done packing, I'll take you to the Train. I love you, Safie.”
“I love you too, Mom.”

Her face lights up and her cheeks turn a little red. “Y-You really shouldn't have spent so much, but thank you...thank you very much!”
A warm smile comes to her face. “A pleasant surprise, thank you.”
Her grin noticeably falters. “Well, it's the thought that counts...”
Her nose wrinkles and she holds up her hands. “Eugh—I-uh, I mean, I'm sure you...you tried your best.”

Marisa is not easily riled by others; she's very calm and level-headed and speaks quietly as to not attract a lot of attention, but she is not shy when conversing with someone, and quite enjoys company when she's out and about.
She is careful not to step on toes and treads cautiously around strangers, trying to keep at least a modicum of civility no matter how much someone might be annoying her (and her face will usually betray how much that is). It's how she makes sure not to go making enemies that would make much better friends. She may start making subtly rude remarks if someone really, really tests her patience, however.
When Marisa starts something she makes absolutely sure to see it to through. A successful day of work, no matter how exhausting, can put her in a very good mood.
She's rather miserly and tight-fisted about her spending and hordes as much money as she possibly can. If she buys you even a small gift it's a sign that you're at least somewhat important to her. She's also not above trying to get people to buy things for her, and can be a bit selfish to that end.
She may come off as overconfident when you're first getting to know her, but it's mostly for show—Marisa's got her fair share of insecurities but doesn't like those she's unfamiliar with to know about them.
She gets very fussy when plans don't play out smoothly, and she's a bit of a control freak if she feels something isn't being used to its fullest. She insists on taking the reins even though she might only have half an idea of what she's doing.
To her friends if she ever gets any, she is visibly more open, will actively share her thoughts, and readily listens to any of their problems, but she may sometimes lie to them about small matters if she believes it will protect their feelings.

Marisa Moray was not always such a placid-faced penny-pincher. Nope, even she was a sweet little girl at some point; a sweet little girl living with her loving parents on a big, empty country road. Wanting to their young daughter to get into a productive hobby, they believed it would be a good idea to put all that empty space on their land to use and introduced her to a game called “Treasure Hunt.” Absolutely all there was to it was digging holes around the backyard and collecting whatever she found.
And boy, did little Marisa take to it. By the time she was twelve years old her collection was falling off her shelves and she had dug a neat fifty-eight holes into her parents' property. Almost everything she found was junk—bits of scrap metal, old cans, rusty screws and washers—but once in a while she had unearthed a rare gem. Literally, that is, she found old jewelry that, despite being broken and caked in layers of dirt, captured the young girl's heart when she discovered the tiny jewels in them. Finding small wonders like that was the absolute highlight of her childhood.
But of course, the aspiring archeologist had to grow up, and her ensuing teenage years would not be kind to her. As she got older, Marisa's eyesight grew worse and worse to the point that, after she moved out of her childhood home, she had to go right to the big city to be close to her doctor. Shacked up in a small apartment with a low-paying job (and surprisingly few budgeting skills for the frugal woman she'd become), Marisa was in constant debt from her rent, food, and her increasingly expensive optometry bills. And during one of her final visits to her doctor's office, she received some worrying news: she needed a very pricey new prescription for her glasses.
Marisa could have afforded it, barely, at the cost of the dregs of her savings. But what choice did she have—her eyes were just going to get worse if she didn't buy this prescription. After a few days of deliberation, she forced herself back to the clinic and acquired her new glasses, draining away the very last of her money.
So the next day, when she received an odd letter for an idyllic little village called “Toffee Town,” a letter that promised her a job and a free—free!—season's housing, it seemed almost too good to be true. Almost, but seeing very few options left for her in the city (where she was almost certainly going to be kicked out of her apartment for dodging the landlord and his rent collection), Marisa called the attached number and got herself a seat on the Eclair Express.

Her eyesight is atrocious when she's not wearing her glasses. She's practically blind without them.
Her goggles glow to help her see in dark caves and mine shafts and basically are her glasses while working.
She dislikes people she's unfamiliar with calling her by her first name; she prefers they call her “Moray”.
She may be short, but don't let that fool you—she's actually quite strong.

The curse gave her salamander-like qualities. She can't make her scales or her tail disappear, so what you see is how she looks every day. Korimm can regrow any of her limbs with enough time, but the process is fairly slow and mildly painful. The curse affected her bones as well--she is quite flexible and any way you might see a lizard bend, she can do too. She is amphibious and can stay underwater for an incredibly long time, and her tail fin and small, wiry stature makes it easier for her to swim as well.
Korimm's confidence is so staggering that it almost borders on arrogance--and that shows during the moments she's particularly proud of something. Being a scaly little weirdo has not hampered her self image in the slightest and has actually made her think she's a teeny tiny bit better than normal people, and her parents certainly didn't help that concept. She is optimistic--"Gray skies are totally gonna clear up, dude!"--and usually a very lax, go-with-the-flow young lady. She isn't lazy, performing is something she enjoys doing quite a lot, but if she can find a way to convince someone to work for her, she'll probably jump at the opportunity.

Korimm did not have any trouble making the transition from her home to the circus—her home was a circus before she even knew Ender existed. Korimm's parents were the ringmasters of a traveling show, “The Asta-luego Rings.” The company was performing in New Orleans when Ender's unfortunate accident unleashed the spell, and the two ringleaders were completely unaware of the curse that had hit them until they tried to have a second child.
Babies usually stop looking like tadpoles in the womb at around eight weeks, but with every ultrasound taken, the more confused Korimm's mother became—their child still looked like a lizard. Odd, definitely, but it at least braced them for the moment their daughter was born—with a tail, four fingers and toes, and tiny, smooth scales spattering her body. After a few days of befuddlement, the two, admittedly eccentric, parents decided to raise and give her as much love as any other child would need.
In fact, all throughout Korimm's life, they treated her like her oddities like they were nothing strange at all, even something to be celebrated. The Asta-luego Rings and its employees were like one large, accepting family, and so the little lizard grew up immensely proud of her abnormalities. She started working shows with her parents and her brother quite young, allowing her plenty of time to devise her own acts and perfect her bendy, routines.
When one of Ender's tracers caught up with the company, the two ringleaders were hesitant about letting their daughter go. But to Korimm, this seemed interesting. A brand new adventure, she called it, and after reassuring and re-reassuring her parents, packed her bags and left for the new circus.

She is bio-luminescent. Her spots glow when it gets dark out.
Her tongue is forked, and she has a small stud on both it and her nose
She has a tattoo of a six-legged salamander between her shoulder blades.
She is a vegetarian, though only for health reasons.
She is not very superstitious, but she does love myths, urban legends, folklore, and horoscopes. She's a Leo, born on August 18th.
Her skin has an adhesive quality that allows her to cling to and scale walls; the rougher the texture the easier it is for her to climb.
Her tail is strong enough for her to sit on, swing from a branch, or smack people with.
She needs to molt once every few weeks. It only takes a day of being curled up in her room before she can bust out of her skin...literally.

She can float and bob around and go high enough to maybe reach a tall shelf, but she can't soar above cities or anything like that. Additionally, she can't fly fast without rapidly draining her energy.
Agile and quick on her feet, she's no stranger to doing back-flips and handstands and is fairly decent at defending herself from most angles.
She can greatly increase her overall speed for a few minutes, whether she's sprinting or dodging, to the point that she can almost appear blurred. However, maintaining such quick movement gets her so winded that she'll need to catch her breath immediately after and won't be able to give herself another boost for several hours.
Knowledge she's acquired after a few decades of studying. She can provide emergency care with great skill; applying tourniquets, bandages, or splints, on-the-spot stitching, and setting bones are not tremendous challenges for her.

If you ask Marianne about her past, she'll probably just laugh and shrug. Because simply, the girl doesn't remember a whole lot about her history. The earliest memory she has is of makeshift shelters, tents, lean-tos, and a large group of people with such varying faces and so many different traits. Whether she had any parents or siblings, she wasn't sure, but in the marauding band she tagged along with, neither blood relation nor race seemed to matter to, well, anyone. Everyone shared food, everyone kept each other safe, and no one dared to raise a hand to another. They all seemed incredibly focused on reaching their goal--a place they called the Land of Stillness. Marianne had never been particularly close to anyone there, but she enjoyed helping around camp. As she grew, she began to show signs of magical ability, and some of the travelers took notice and taught her how to control and channel it. A few people, whom Marianne had assumed to be human, surprised her by revealing they had horns and tails, just like her! These were the ones who taught her the spell she'd use almost constantly--how to disguise herself as a human.
Finally, after such a long time of wandering, the group reached a misty door guarded by a terrific beast, and after a few tense moments, the creature stepped aside and allowed the weary travelers access to the door. What lay beyond it was an unbelievable, bustling haven, The Sanctuary. And without another word to each other, the group of wanderers that had spent so many years together dispersed, going their own ways through the crowd, leaving Marianne to choose her path as well.
Weaving in and around the throngs of people, she eventually found a small clinic, and, peeking through the doors, she saw a doctor and his nurse tending to a child's bleeding leg. Watching the man suture the gash so quickly, so neatly, Marianne became transfixed. He'd stopped the bleeding, without any magic! She had never been a very good healer, but what this man did was nothing short of incredible. Upon approaching the good doctor, he resolved to allow her to live with the other nurses in the clinic and learn from them; in exchange, she would work at whatever needed to be done, whether it was cleaning up blood, running errands, or trying to get a particularly fussy kid to take his medicine. She stayed in that place she could finally call home, even when the doctor grew old and retired and a new one took his place. Marianne was extraordinarily happy there, especially at, after so much time studying, the prospect of becoming a full-on doctor.
But one night, as she was returning to the clinic after taking care of a few minor house calls, a sudden, sharp yank coming from right behind her throat knocked her out. When Marianne came to, she gradually realized that, somehow, she was now bound in chains and locks. Aside from being terribly gaudy, they neutralized almost all of her magic. Even worse yet, she had absolutely no idea who'd done this to her! Confused, feeling sick, and becoming increasingly frustrated, she finally heard a man's voice say: “You obey me now.”
Marianne does not know precisely who the man is, or what his ultimate goal is, but without exception, she must do whatever he tells her to.

Always smiling and giggling with just a hint of mischief about her, Marianne is upbeat and cheerful and overall a very kind little lady. Though, sometimes, she gets a tad over-friendly and can forget what "personal space" means.
She's not very bright, but she knows enough to recognize a powerful person and is very careful to preserve her safety and mind her manners when confronted with someone like that. Marianne is rather social, as she prefers to immerse herself in crowds and get lost in all the hustle-bustle, but she doesn't mind a little solitary once in a long while to clear her thoughts.
She values things and people by how entertaining or friendly they are they are to her. She doesn't care very much about good and evil, the pure versus the corrupt, just as long as she gets to watch any ensuing chaos from it.
Usually she is very mild and its hard to make her really hate someone.

She must be completely obedient to her master. Sort of like Ella Enchanted's "gift," she'll do whatever her he has ordered even if she reeeeeally doesn't want to.
Who controls her is determined by whoever hold the key to her chains, so gaining her servitude is as easy as snatching the key away. Not that it would be very simple to get the key away from her handler...
Yes, she's a demon, but she looks human because of a spell she'd been keeping up to retain that appearance long before being summoned. When she was chained up, the spell became jammed, so as long as those locks are in place, she's completely stuck in that form.

For the love of god, don't leave her out in the cold. She will slip into hibernation mode and the longer she stays in the cold, the longer she stays asleep. So basically, wintery weather and blizzard spells will knock her down for the count.
Grabbing her tail scares her stiff, but she's careful about that and makes sure it's hard to get hold of.
Besides being her Glamor item, that amulet is basically her life. Literally. Salamanders only live as long as the fire they were created in isn't extinguished, and Korimm's fire is kept in her pendant. It's stronger than a normal necklace, but its not unbreakable, and if it's destroyed, she will die.

Her blood can heal people. How much someone heals depends on how much they drink (or how much she lets them drink.)
She's immune to fire and heat damage. Unless it's a crazy powerful inferno-esque spell, she's going to shrug it off.
She's great at gardening and making all kinds of plants, from posies to hemlock, flourish.
Though it's one of her liabilities, she has great control over her tail. It's essentially one big muscle, and it can even support her like a chair if she feels like sitting. It's also good for thwacking people in the chest.
Her senses of sight and smell are very acute, so she can see in the dark pretty well.
Ever so friendly and cheerful, Korimm is an eager and highly confident little lady, and though she'll never admit it, she's a little full of herself. She's not very good at dividing her attention and tends to get distracted by surrounding things, for example her attention can go from the chalkboard to a classmate playing a video game under the desk to a spider by the window and back to the chalkboard.
Books are her best friends and discovering new things in them is second only to her love of spending time outdoors. You'll see her at her happiest when she's kneeling in the dirt, tending to her plants in her favorite red galoshes.

Salamanders are not exactly born—they're created, from the ashes of magical fires that are not properly extinguished. As long as the fire still burns, the salamander will live. Most of the adorable little amphibians that are born on accident don't live very long, but sometimes, salamanders are created on purpose. After all, their skin is immune to flames, their blood is valued for its healing properties, and salamander grease can increase the senses when used in an ointment.
But one evening, a lonely witch burned a magic fire all through the night, and nurtured the young salamander reared from its remains, preserving its fire in a bright gem. Being so old, the witch's magic was weak, and so she could only gift the little creature a semi-human form, but regardless, the witch gave the salamander its own identity: Korimm Salia, and she grew up happy with the crone. During their time together, the witch could not teach Korimm spells, but she did teach her how to plant and raise beautiful greenery. Eventually, Korimm even learned how to make a few potions.
But after nearly fifty years of companionship, the old witch died, leaving Korimm alone with her amulet. Disheartened, but still harboring the will to keep living, the salamander ventured out on her own, usually staying in forests where she could be close to the nature she'd grown up with.
Until she ran face-first into the wall of the Monster Academy and was invited to enroll there as a student. Hey, they offered herbology! What's better than that?

Tough as nails, stubborn as a golem, sharp-tongued, and a stickler for a good time, Briar was an oddball in her own time. In life, she preferred drinking with the men at the inn instead of sitting at home doing chores—though she did them eventually when her husband nagged her enough. Already technically “old”—people in the 1600s didn’t exactly live very long—she was nonetheless popular with children because of her tendency to take part in their pranks, and because she looked after them when they got into real trouble.
After death, all of these traits followed her into ghostliness, and she takes great pleasure in causing poltergeistic mischief nowadays. A social creature, Briar takes a solid form often to talk to people normally; she starts going a bit stir-crazy without some form of interaction.
As far as working goes, Briar doesn’t mind it—but there are times when she’ll shirk her duties (after making sure she won’t get caught) and have a bit of fun instead.

"So, do you believe in fate?
In 1692, Massachusetts was thrown into panic over fear of the supernatural. After a series of accusations thrown about from a group of “cursed” girls, it was believed that witches moved among average people, ruining crops and poisoning waters. For a whole year, citizens were imprisoned and put on trial with charges of witchcraft, and the lucky ones were executed swiftly.
Briar, a young woman living in Andover at the time, was one of the many unlucky victims. Thrown at the mercy of the court by a bitter farmer’s wife, the cruel woman claimed Briar cursed her, causing her baby to be stillborn. In truth, the farm-wife was jealous of Briar for marrying a successful blacksmith. Briar’s already well-known odd behavior certainly didn’t help her trial, and she was found guilty and sentenced to burn. Not even her husband’s bribes could free her. The day following her trial, Briar was publicly burned, choking on smoke and ash for an hour before she finally died.
But instead of seeing a light at the end of a tunnel, like most dying people, Briar was suddenly standing in the crowd of her execution. After a few days of asking herself “Just what the hell is going on?”, she realized she was, indeed, dead, but a wandering soul, doomed to roam until she could find her own way to the afterlife. And after years of failed attempts to communicate with her husband, Briar finally gave up on Andover and left the state. As a ghost, she realized, she was free. She could do what she wanted, roam where she would, and nothing could stop her.
In the centuries following her death, Briar crossed the Mississippi River, tasted the salt of the Pacific Ocean from a pioneer ship, observed and mimicked the first traditional fire dancers of Hawaii, practiced balancing acts on an elephant in India, watched the tricky knife-and-fire eaters of the Middle East, haunted the homes of the British Isles for kicks, and even watched the impressive science of Chinese pyrotechnics.
Only recently did she begin to feel homesick, and upon returning to the United States, she quietly returned to Andover. She had seen the world change before her very eyes, watching the living from the shadowy in-between world of spirits, and seeing her modernized hometown did not move her as much as one might think. On a whim, she ventured to a small section of woods—still remarkably untouched from her own era—and found there, in a high tree hollow, a thin band of gold nestled in a squirrel’s nest and engraved simply with “B&B”. Shedding a few tears for the first time since her death, Briar realized it was her wedding ring, and her husband had been right to hide it in the woods, away from greedy eyes. Not even time had touched it, after all those years.

She may have been to several countries over the years, but the only language she knows is English. If you ask her to say something in another language, she’ll completely bullshit it. She still speaks with a slight accent, and she also knows sign language.
Her wedding ring stays on her at all times; she’ll even make it ethereal with her when she vanishes.
She still has a few habits from her life—sewing and knitting (ask her to make you a scarf, go on) when she’s bored, praying before she “sleeps” and again when she “wakes up”, and even the way she dresses casually (long dresses with aprons).
She doesn’t need to eat or drink, but she does so anyway.
Her “sleeping” is just relaxing her spirit, vanishing from sight and sense until she has enough strength to reappear again.
No, she’s not looking for a way to pass on to the afterlife. She’s quite content with her not-life as it is.
She can't touch salt or iron. They're two of the things that will hurt her even when she's in her ethereal form. Wanna stop her from phasing into your room or from pulling a prank on you? Trap her in a salt circle (not for too long, though!) or line your walls with iron. Works like a charm!
In her solid state, Briar can be cut and she will feel pain, but she doesn't bleed and it won't "kill" her. It just makes it harder for her to maintain her form.

A portal at the back of her throat that can take in anything that she can fit in her mouth. On her stomach is a large, toothy mouth with an even bigger black hole that she can reach into and pull out whatever she “ate”.
If Safie's ever being attacked and ends up in a critical condition, her mouths sprout dark thorned tendrils. She can't control them at all, and they'll often just lash out at any attackers until they're chopped down, or Safie passes out.
Her left eye is completely black and shiny, like a bug's eye, but it's functional; she can see clearly out of it. When she closes her eyes, though, she can see the place her portals lead to. It's really just a dark, empty world with blurry items floating around. She doesn't pay much mind to what goes on there unless she's trying to locate one of her knives, since that's where she keeps a majority of them.

She veers off topic and vanishes into her own thoughts a lot, sometimes in the middle of a conversation. She's quiet, cautious but curious, and a just little skeptical.
At least, until you get to know her, or she takes an immediate shine to you (whichever comes first.) She can be friendly and personable, but if she's first meeting you, chances are she's going to put on a bitchy-sugar-shell-over-a-nicer-chocolate-center. That's because she takes her spot as a 'Head' to mean that she can push people around a little (not that that's what it means, of course.)
Safie may act impulsive at times, though usually when this happens it's not too self-destructive. Usually. She can be on-edge and jumpy, and be very snappish if someone surprises or scares her.
She's confused by things she doesn't understand and doesn't normally like to argue (unless you piss her off); rather than taking the offensive she will step down and try to mediate a disagreement before it escalates. She doesn't usually bother with lying, but she does exempt truth (not often, though.) 
Safie is not normally eager, but she thoroughly enjoys learning that she has things in common with other people and she may surprise you with insight and experiences of her own when she discovers this. Asking about her personal history, however, won't be revealed until she can really call you a friend. Be patient with her and she'll be patient with you.
Because she lived on her own and traveled a lot, Safie often people-watched and developed a knack for picking out lies, but whether she calls someone out on it is another matter.
Don't try to cross blades (literally) with her. You won't die, but you'll get a knife sticking out of some part of your body if you aren't quick enough.

Safie's parents were originally from Belgium, nothing more than very humble farmers. Before she was born, her parents' whole plantation burned when lightning struck their fields. They lost everything, and desperate and blinded by grief, they fled to France and hopped on a States-bound ship to New Orleans. Safie's parents lived under the radar for a few quiet months...until Safie's mother happened upon a man performing in the streets. The man's act seemed to go wrong, but thankfully no harm came to any bystanders. At least, that's what it seemed like at first.
In following years they moved to Maryland and she and her husband finally conceived a child. Nine months and several grueling hours of childbirth later, the poor woman died but gave birth to a healthy little girl.
However, when the hospital asked for her father's insurance, they discovered he wasn't actually a US citizen and was deported without his little girl. The unnamed child was sent away to the nearest orphanage, where she was dubbed “Safie”.
As Safie aged, she began to show some abnormal changes. She grew much quicker than the other children and her hair and eyes had warped to odd shades of red by the time she was five. Her left eye appeared particularly wicked, everything from its whites to its pupil turning completely black. Kids at the orphanage teased Safie mercilessly, and those who didn't were scared of her, starting warning rumors that she was a monster. At one point, a group of children had been pushing her around so much that as soon as she broke away from them, she accidentally stumbled barefoot into the embers of a fireplace. Her left foot still has scarring from the burn.
Eventually, Safie grew her hair out over her left eye to hide it and hopefully appear normal. But the worst thing happened when she was eighteen, and the finals of her curse began to show.
During lunch, Safie started to complain of stomach and neck pains. She was hurried along to the nurse, but the only thing they could find was a little slit that cut along her naval. The slit grew and stretched, and eventually it opened to show rows of sharp teeth and a black abyss in the back of its mouth. At the same time, Safie's throat gurgled and cracked, like it was being forced wider.
Then, they appeared. Dark tendrils squirmed from her mouth and stomach gash and lashed out at the entire infirmary staff and killed them. Safie was damaged by these growths too, when they gored at her body and left her scarred. After the assault, she passed out. When Safie came to, the tentacles were gone but everyone in the room was dead. Terrified and distraught and wracked with pain, she took what little things she had and fled the orphanage. Whether she was being pursued, she didn't know, or even care. She just had to get away from that room she'd bloodied.
When stealing had failed her and she couldn't run any more, her body finally failed her and she had to seek some refuge in an alleyway. Starving and emotionally drained, she was sure she would die there, and almost eagerly embraced it.
But then a mysterious stranger found her and restored her health with food and reassuring words. The wayfarer, Millo, said he would help her if she traveled with him and kept him company.
Millo would grow to be Safie's most important, most cherished person. Her self-appointed mentor, he was the one who took on the burden of guiding her through the strange world of socially acceptable behavior. Though an abnormal man himself, Millo taught her his own perfected ways of appearing “normal” and blending in crowds to avoid detection.
Safie bonded with the man almost too easily, and on top of giving her important behavioral tips, he's the one who taught her everything she knows about knives, whether fighting, 'swallowing', throwing, or manipulating them with wires. But just when Safie thought her luck was turning for the better, Millo left her one night without so much as a clue to where he was going.
Safie's early life has left her very distant and very suspicious, especially after Millo, the one person who she thought she could embrace, left. She was able to support herself, drifting from town to town, never staying in one place for very long. She learned how to keep her stomach-mouth under wraps, though itself is actually a very lazy thing. Safie lived alone until her mid-twenties...when an odd person approached her and said she belonged in a place where she wasn't such a freak. In fact, in this place, she was perfectly normal.

She has two possessions that might actually make her kill someone if they damage or steal them: her scarf and a special knife, both given to her by Millo. Don't touch them unless you want a stabbed hand.
Her stomach-mouth is extremely lazy and reluctant to move, always groaning and gurgling when Safie forces it to open. However, if someone other than Safie touches it or tries to reach into it, it will bite.
She's incredibly tickilish.

The cannibal was the very first person who greeted her at the circus, but really, she next to never talks to him. He’s so freaking elusive she never has any clue where to find him. On a rather unlucky day, she knocked over a ladder that kinda..sorta..crushed his leg. Trust me, she feels bad about that. Vier is a tolerable kid, and if he'd stop hiding she'd actually like to talk to him once in a while.
She also wishes to give him a manicure that'll stay on for more than an hour soon.

Another cannibal at the circus, but unlike Vier, this walking skeleton starves himself until he can’t bear the hunger, and that irritates Safie a bit. She calls him “Scarecrow” and “Skeleton” because of how tall and lanky he is, but they’re hardly affectionate nicknames. She sees Kahir as a very weak individual (well, aside from his giant chest tongue that could break a man’s back), and nags him to eat more so he won’t be so damn skinny. Kahir was the one who told her animals were good listeners, so he’s also the reason she strongly dislikes almost all of the animals in the zoo (because they all attack her). She doesn’t hate the kid...but she's a far cry from liking him.

Kylie has earned the title of Safie’s first friend at the circus. At first, Kylie was just a coworker who sometimes needed help getting down from tall trees (because she's a cat. And cats and trees don't mix.)
They had developed a very weird, you-support-me-I-support-you friendship, until the relationship turned to shit from some drama really too long to write here, and Kylie lost almost all of the faith she had in Safie.
Safie still deems the hunter a dearly beloved friend and she loves her in that sense, but they may never be the same again until they build up a trust again.

The big man in charge. She doesn’t hate Ender. ...no really, she doesn't. No matter how snippy she gets, he hired her and gave her a place to stay, so there’s no way she could totally hate him. But Ender is hardly ever present in the circus, and Safie believes absence is a terrible quality to run anything efficiently.
And it's not like his grumpiness helps her opinion; what businessman would consider punishing a worker who brings money in to the circus? Seriously! It’s not like she did anything wrong by organizing an event...the stupid hermit.
She may give him a an attitude, but don't be fooled. Ender scares the shit out of her.

One of the technicians in the circus. Safie first met Leslie—or "Sparky" as she prefers to call him—when he ducked in backstage like a little girl from the rain. Despite the rocky start to their friendship (smacking heads with diabolos and a few accidental zaps), Safie considers Sparky one of her closest friends. Between him giving her congratulatory flowers or her teaching him how to swim, Leslie was probably the one person she was able to make easiest friends with.
But what really made Safie realize he was a man to be trusted was when he stayed by her side even at her lowest point, right after her friend was murdered. He endured her acting like a whiny little bitch and even put his own hangups aside to keep her from sinking into a more lasting depression.
Safie cares so much for her lightning rod buddy and while she might have a crush on him, just as he does on her, she's still a little uneasy about admitting it. She still thinks back to how she dealt with her crush on Vali (very poorly for the record), and how she utterly tarnished her friendship with Kylie, and fears most of all what will happen with Leslie if she screws that up too. No matter how many kisses he steals or risks he takes hugging her, that worry keeps nagging her.

Safie's only met Adonis once but that was enough for her to take a shine to him. She pricked him to see if he actually was made of sand (he is), so it's likely that Adonis really doesn't like her all that much. Safie, however, finds him entertaining and will probably pick on him even more when she runs into him again.

Iguanas, snakes, chameleons, dragons; if it has scales, claws, and a tail, Safie will gravitate to it. Reptiles are fascinating, which is why she likes Dirk so much despite only meeting him a few times. The man can turn into a lizard, and what's cooler than that? She finds it a little upsetting that Dirk doesn't enjoy his reptilian form as much as she does. Though it bothers her a bit when he smokes around the circus people, Safie wouldn't mind hanging out with him again.

Millo is Safie's teacher.
In simplest terms, Safie loves him. After some prodding, she'll admit that. She owes the man her life and more because he saved her from dying in the streets and taught her everything she knows now about knives and performance. She took his lessons so seriously that even now she's always terrified to make a mistake and disappoint him.
Millo is the one who taught her the usefulness in reading expressions and digging out the feelings people tend to hide away (to a degree. She's still an emotional numbskull). He was the very first person she befriended, but he practically destroyed her fragile trust when he just up and left one night without so much as a good-bye. The only thing he left behind was the red scarf that everyone sees Safie wearing almost 24/7. No one but Kylie has heard this story from her. And no one ever will unless she's comfortable enough to open up.
After a little jaunt into the lovely town of Brightwood, accompanied by her dearest Kylie, Safie found a note Millo left her as well as one of his enchanted knives. In the note, he promised Safie she'd see him again. He didn't specify any time in particular...but she trusted Millo to not go back on that promise.
And the elusive bastard made good on the oath; just before Vali—one of Safie's most cherished people—passed, Millo appeared (albeit unexpectedly) and finally gave her the closure she'd been searching for with him for eight long years. Once again, Millo succeeded in granting her insight and it was probably his intervention that allowed her the clarity to make it through her friend's death (though just barely), among other things.
Now Safie doesn't know where Millo's gone, if he's doing okay, or when she'll see him again, if at all.

"Vier's okay..the trench coat and the whole cannibalism thing is a little creepy, but he's a good kid. He's really defensive of Ender, which I guess speaks well about his loyalty. He can be a touchy little bitch, though. ...Don't tell him I said that, okay?"
"Hmph. Kahir's...troublesome. He doesn't understand a whole lot...and he really needs to eat more. He's going to blow away with the wind with how skinny he is."
"I love Kylie...really. I hurt her very badly and I don't ever want to that again. All I can do is hope she forgives me..."
"The man needs to get out more. Tch, honestly..."
"Leslie's nice...that's really the best word for him, you know? He's such a sweetheart...a little stubborn, but I really like him. Plus, he does this really cool thing where he makes pictures in the air with his electricity."
"Right, the sandman. Well...he's certainly clean."
"Cobra Commander, Godzilla, Puff the Irritable Dragon...hah, no, Dirk's awesome. It's a shame he doesn't seem to see how cool he really is."
"...why do you want to know about him? If you're trying to get in contact with him...I haven't seen him in months."

"Wake up, Little Red~"
"Hrrgh..." No way was it time to wake up. It was still way too early. Who did this guy think he was, getting her up at the crack of—
"It's almost noon, now move your ass, Little Red~"
"...." Fine. Time to get up because His Excellence said so. Slowly, grumbling the whole time, a messy head of long red locks emerged from under the warm covers she so wanted to stay cocooned in. "Hm...." Her head felt fuzzy. How late had she been up last night...? Not like it mattered. Since this weird drifter stumbled—literally, the asshole had tripped over and nearly killed her—upon her a week ago, she hadn't gotten any sleep at all. And how could she? This man, Millo, if that even was his real name...was unbelievable.
He looked so young but his hair was white. He talked to every person he met like they were either his best friend or, obnoxiously, like they were his subjects. He acted like a prince when clearly, that wasn't the case. No entourage of bodyguards ever came to his side, and he was convinced they'd just jumped off his private jet at the wrong time and parachuted far away from him. 'They'll catch up soon, Little Red!', he always said. What a nut.
But what really sealed her conclusion that this man was delusional and absolutely insane was the way he treated her. Caringly, as if she were his child, if that insufferable nickname was any indication. And she hadn't said a single word to him since he found her. Letting her eye drift up to that man's happily grinning face, she thought back to that night.
This...this was it, wasn't it? She was going to die here. In an alley like a stray dog, with no one ever to miss her...no one to mourn her. The Monster...the girl with the damned eye who'd murdered a room of people without even lifting a finger. And yet despite her situation, despite that thought that she'd only be remembered there as a monster...she felt content. Blank, dark eyes stared out between her bangs at the street, watching rain fall in the beam of a streetlight. She...could accept that. Dying here inconspicuously. She'd fade from existence quietly, as she'd lived, and the world would be free of one more monster. Her eyes began slipping shut slowly. So tired...so hungry...
And then something rammed her in the stomach, kicking her a good few inches down the alley. Fuck that hurt...! But she didn't move. She didn't want to. Her eyes only opened again and saw a pair of shiny black boots staring back at her. What the...?
"Ahh, damn! Did I kick a dog, or..?" The boots knelt down. A man. A man had found her. Maybe he'd be merciful and shoot her in the head before he started looting around for any cash she might have had. He'd be disappointed, though; she was broke. "Oh. Well, well, you're not a dog, are you? Hello, my dear. Whatever do you think you're doing out here?" His arm bent up and rested his hand against a face hidden in a hooded cloak. Hidden, yet a smile could be heard in his voice. She didn't answer him. She didn't think she could. Her voice had fled her, along with most of her energy. "Lovely things like you don't belong in alleys. Let's get you out of here, yes?"
Lacking both the strength and the will to argue, the strange man scooped her up like a child, like she weighed nothing at all, and tucked her and her backpack in his cloak and out of the rain. She didn't know how long he'd walked, or how far. All she knew was that, basically, she was being kidnapped. And she'd just been ready to die, too...oh well. She'd probably die soon enough...after being sold and drugged up, that is.
After a while, the sound of rain stopped. They were in a building now, a bright one, too. But she couldn't see anything, not hidden in the cloak. He walked a while longer, up stairs, turning corners...and when the man finally took off and hung up his cloak, they were in a bedroom. A hotel, it seemed. Just great. She was going to be raped, then sold, then drugged, then raped again until she died. A happy ending to a happy life.
So of course it surprised her when he set her on one of the beds, wrapped her up in a towel, and wandered into the small kitchen area, pouring a mug of milk before heating it up in the microwave and shoving it into her hands.
Okay. Now she was confused. She barely gave the cup so much as a glance, her eyes flying up to finally see the face of her...captor. "..." he...certainly wasn't hard on the eyes. But what was with the diamonds on his cheeks, and his hair? It was white, but there was so much of it, it was even shaggy. He couldn't be a day over thirty, maybe even younger. And his eyes...they seemed so eerie. She was the very last person to judge based on eyes, but his were so...empty. Pale, and hollow. His gaze on her was slightly unnerving, to say the least.
"Now then!" the man finally said, pulling a chair around to the bed and plopping down. "Hello, dearest~ I'm sure you have many, many, manymanymany questions for me, am I right?"
"..."
"No?" he grinned and shifted his leg to rest on his knee, spreading his arms. "Come now, feel free to ask. Drink, too, dearest, you're shivering. Why don't I help you out..." jutting a thumb at himself, the man stuck his tongue out a bit, just enough for her to see a small silver stud stand out on the pink flesh before it retreated back into his mouth. "My name is Prince Pontecherry of Macedonia. But titles are so restraining. You, my dear Little Red, may call me Millo." Smile easing a bit, Millo leaned forward to the point that their noses were almost touching. "And I can tell...there's something special about you, isn't there? Tell me, Little Red, why is your hair covering your face like that?"
Before she could even react, the man's hand was tangled in her hair, holding every lock away from her startled visage. "...."
"Ooh, not even a whimper. Very stoic. But I was right, yes I was...~" his voice lowered and his smile grew wider, using his grip in her hair to turn her head to the side to get a better look at her damned eye. The shiny, black orb watched him the whole time. "And that's not all, is it?" Uncurling his fingers from the red strands, Millo slowly lowered his hand down to her stomach. "I can tell there's something else, riiight...here. May I see it, please, Little Red?~"
"..." just who WAS this freak? The last thing she needed, or even wanted for that matter, was some creep poking and prodding those growths on her body like she were a frog in a biology class.
But...it wasn't like she had anything to lose. Nothing but her life, which she'd been more than willing to relinquish back in that alley. Holding her warm mug with one hand, she slowly shifted under the towel and lifted up her shirt, revealing the nasty scar cutting along her bellybutton. One second later, the scar opened, and smiled at him with sharp teeth and a dark portal. Millo's face was one of pure amusement. Lowering her shirt, she pointed at her throat, too, opening her mouth wide enough for Millo to see the swirling black hole at the very back of her mouth. It looked similar to the larger one on her stomach
"My, my, my...! Look at you." His smile reached a new width as he leaned back and rested his hands on his legs. "You are special. Uniquely one of a kind. Tell me, do you have a home?" Oh, like he needed an answer to that. He'd found her passed out in a side street, for crap's sake. Slowly, the girl shook her head and looked down into her cup of milk. ...she hadn't seen him slip anything in it. So...bottoms up. She leaned her head back and took a long gulp of the warm, frothy drink. Starving as she was, anything would've tasted good. Ever smiling, Millo continued.
"No family?" She shook her head again. No. "Friends, caretakers, blah blah blah?" No. The folks at the orphanage would be happy to forget her. She was eighteen, not required to stay there, anyway. "...would you like to stay with me, then?~ I could use a companion. Especially one like you." Those hollow, empty eyes of him glinted for a split second. Intrigue, maybe, or a first sign of life? She couldn't tell. But Millo's offer...again, what did she have to lose? He seemed...harmless, if not a little batty. And he wasn't scared of her...he didn't see her as a monster. Frankly, she didn't know what he saw her as. But that...didn't matter. Hesitantly, the girl nodded. Millo couldn't have looked happier. "Wonderful. I have a sidekick. Tell me, Sidekick, are you going to tell me your name any time soon? If not, I'll just have to call you 'Little Red' all the time."
"..."
"Such a cold girl...~"
"..." Just one week ago. She'd been screening out Millo this whole time, lost in her memories. Blinking, she realized just how close he'd gotten to her. Seriously, he was almost right on top of her on the bed.
"Little Red. You're scaring me. If you don't tell me what you want for breakfast, I'm just going to give you chicken feed."
"..." And she was stuck with this weirdo. That, honestly...didn't seem so bad. The smallest of smiles gracing her lips, the girl leaned forward and wrapped her arms around his neck. "Safie...my name is Safie."

Just what had happened to her...when did she turn into such a weak little shit who couldn't handle herself? Safie tangled her fingers through her choppy red hair, shrinking into that comforting, self-protecting pose known only as the fetal position. Because right now curling up on herself was the only thing she could do to feel better.
A tired red eye stared through her fingers at the room tilted on its side, or at least, that's how it looked since she was lying on her bed. Slowly, her warped, mismatched eyes closed as she took in a deep breath.  Six months. That was how long she'd been here, in this circus...the Cirque du Mirage. Home to a creepy, homicidal, dark-arts-dabbling sociopath who, for the sake of his own curiosity and, she suspected, amusement, gathered individuals from all around. Individuals who possessed powers and abilities...abnormalities beyond most human comprehension. A lengthy explanation for what could be summed up in one word: freaks.
The creepy, homicidal ringmaster, a man known only as "Ender," gathered freaks at his circus and sorted them into one of four positions. Patient, talented jacks-of-all-trades who could easily perform and teach others to do so became Instructors. Travelers who knew how to dig up information and find people as easy as if they were playing hide-and-seek were Tracers, responsible for finding more freaks. Similar to them were Hunters, those quick, subtle, deadly people who got rid of anyone who posed a serious threat to the circus. And the most mysterious, most terrifying group yet—worse even than those who take the lives of others—were the strong-hearted, placid manipulators called Extractors. Those who take the souls of the Hunter's target and present them to Ender for whatever sick, unholy purpose the man needed.
She thought it was a madhouse as soon as he briefed her on its inner workings.
The moment the ringmaster hired her, Safie thought she wouldn't make a home here, wouldn't even try climbing any ladders. She would keep to herself and not be friendly with anyone, be a good Instructor who never stepped out of line. She would never cross her superiors or give them a reason to be cross with her. A model employee.
Oh, she thought with a scowl, unfurling her body to stretch full out on the bed, pressing her bare feet against the cool wood of her headboard. How nothing ever goes according to plan. The woman drew her arms over her head, falling over the edge of the mattress. Not only did her life here not go according to plan, it completely veered in the opposite direction and sped off like a bullet train.
When had it done that? Pulling her hands to cover her face, Safie listened to her own breathing for a quiet moment, digging deep into her thoughts to pull up those memories. Easter, she realized. It'd all gone downhill just days before that candy-coated holiday.
Whatever holiday spirit had possessed her that day, whatever mood had struck her, she had decided to leave the circus for a brief time to pick up enough plastic eggs and chocolates to cover the circus in before the crowds arrived on Easter morning. And then Vali joined her shopping spree and somehow became the Easter Bunny for her unofficial event. Whether he was doing his job in keeping the circus free of troublemakers, or whether just wanted to harass her, to this day, Safie had no idea. After the dullard bouncer nearly killed her in the gym, one would think she'd be less inclined to interact with him. But they couldn't be farther off. Stupidly, against everything her dearest teacher ever told her...Safie had started to make a friend. Whether she knew it or not.
And then she met Kylie...the Head Hunter. One of Ender's most trusted employees, in charge of all other assassins lurking in the circus. A right spitfire she was, spouting equal amounts of energy, sarcasm, and sass. On top of that, she was tough. Kylie had every deadly aspect of a lioness, from her claws to her sharp teeth to her terrifying speed. It was completely ironic, though, that Safie found Kylie dead inside on a dirt road. Just the day before, Kylie had joined her shopping trip, and she seemed fine. What, then, could've emotionally destroyed a woman with such spark? Heartbreak, as it turned out, was the answer. Kylie felt abandoned by Vali, who was trying to distance himself from those he cared about, to protect them he said. Safie knew that feeling all too well...the emptiness that came with abandonment. Especially with Vali...the one boy the Hunter had strong feelings for. She sympathized with Kylie, shared her experience, and finally realized what it was like to have a real friend. From that point, Safie made Kylie a silent promise: if getting Vali back to her would cheer her up, then she would do everything she could to make the bouncer see sense.
And where was this bouncer? Still stuck in the Easter Bunny costume. After all, how could he get out with just one arm? Just a day before he had to even wear the outfit, Vali had gotten beat up. A dislocated arm and bruises all over his body was the result of that. Why Safie felt her blood boil at that...she still had no idea. She still didn't comprehend that she actually cared about him and what happens to him. So while Kylie and her state was still an issue, putting a stop to whoever was hurting Vali took root in her priorities.
But all this was just the tip of the iceberg. Since pulling him out of that costume, Safie got closer and closer to the bouncer, slowly but surely starting to forget about her promise to Kylie. About the girl's feelings. Even worse, Safie, never before one to think of her own emotions...found she had feelings for him as well. To see the bouncer safe and happy...to be able to protect him and care for him was what she wanted. And what could stop her from doing that?
As it turned out, a lot did. For one, Vali's assailant was none other than his own brother, Fayel. When Safie discovered this, she snapped. A punch across Fayel's jaw showed that much. And after that, there was the matter of Millo, that white-haired bastard who left her without even a goodbye. With Fayel no longer able to harm Vali—or anyone for that matter, on account of some punishment of Ender's—Safie felt things were calm enough to request a few days away from the circus to track Millo down. Accompanied by Kylie, the duo set out. But before she left, Safie did something that still shocks her even now: she kissed Vali.
When she and Kylie returned to the circus, one note and one knife richer, Safie was in a state of calm, for once. She'd even managed to make a new friend, a quiet yet kind human lighting rod named Leslie, better known to her as Sparky. A sane friend, a gal pal, and a crush...where could this possibly go wrong?
Apparently, it was doomed to go wrong when Safie had to confront her feelings for Vali. The bouncer frustrates her to no end, acting like a selfish child...yet also being protective and caring. She discovered his feelings for her as well...only too late. Vali had his lot thrown in with Kylie, the one who cared for him from the start. Heartbroken, yet also adamant, Safie couldn't let him go.
That same stubbornness would get her into even deeper trouble. As soon as Kylie found out, she flipped. The hunter felt betrayed. How could one of her best friends do such a thing? To Safie, it was like she was accusing her of purposely trying to hurt her, which couldn't be farther from the truth. The whole excuse? Safie wasn't watching herself and got too close. Several apologies and one bruised instructor's jaw later, the two girls had a wedge shoved between them that appeared immovable.
So where did this leave her now? Rejected by her crush, torn away from her gal pal, and not having seen her sane friend in a long while...she felt she had nothing. Nothing but a job and a promise from her teacher. Where could she go? What could she do? To Safie, there seemed no better option. She had to get away from everything...she had to leave the circus. Kylie and Vali would be better off without her there to confuse Vali even more.
But apparently someone loves making her suffer, because the day she tried to leave Vali showed up to stop her. Drunk yet apparently still coherent enough to understand what she told him, the bouncer put her in a tough spot. If she wanted to leave, she'd have to kill him. Could she do that? Of course not. Whether she admitted it or not, she loved Vali. She loved Kylie, too, and couldn't think to harm either of them any more than she'd done already. Before things could get even more out of hand, a blessing in disguise of the ringmaster appeared and offered Safie something that, in that situation, could only be described as pure irony: Ender wanted her to become the new Head Instructor. Had she not just sunk Vali into a depression, Safie might've laughed at him. Her, the Head Instructor, just when she'd been trying to leave? Just too much. But with such a job came more work...more opportunities to keep her mind away from every bit of trouble she'd sunk herself into. Recalling Kylie's heartbreaking cries when she had told her she was leaving, and Vali's vehement attempts to keep her in the circus, Safie agreed and took the job.
Looking back on it now, she mused with a scowl, she felt ashamed to have considered such a course. Even now, though, she was convinced Vali and Kylie would be better off without her. But whatever way there was to convince them of that, she had no idea.
After her promotion, things calmed. Yet even a still lake can turn rampant if a big enough rock is dropped into it. Kylie, still injured from Leslie's intervention when she'd cornered Safie and punched her jaw, was still one of Safie's most cherished people. Yet tension between them was high, and even the mildest conversation was awkward and forced. She was ashamed to admit that she found herself glancing over her shoulder every now and again, expecting another assault from the Hunter. Things were hardly better with Vali, still harboring and acting on feelings for Safie (and vice versa) even with Kylie on his arm. As said before, things had calmed, but they weren't better.
And then there was the "normal" period, a reprieve from abnormalities for everyone afflicted with them. For some, like Leslie, the brief window was like a drowning man's break to the surface. For people like Kylie, it was a terrible, torturous time. And for those like Safie, they couldn't care less either way. But one fact remained for all of those—they were free. Free from whatever their abnormalities hand barred them from doing before. Leslie, now as important to Safie as Vali or Kylie, entrusted the redhead with a secret of his: he couldn't swim. So the two weeks of blissful normalcy, for those two weirdos and whoever felt compelled to join them, were spent splashing in a pool and trying to prevent drowning.
And now her memories had caught up to the present, and her present problem. Leslie had kissed her when she showed up at his room to offer her condolences on the return of his spark, as well as to return a very important photo of his. Embarrassed, shocked, and worst of all, conflicted, she'd run from the room like a coward. Since then, she'd been curled up on her bed, in a worthless, confused heap, debating what she could possibly do now.
Once again, the thought of leaving crossed her mind. Oddly enough, the idea appealed to her now more than ever. Leave now, before screwing up your friendship with Sparky. Leave now, so Vali can finally forget about her and have a normal relationship with Kylie. Let Ender's Hunters find her, if they could, and put an end to her. She wouldn't be missed. At first there would be some mourning, but she's said this many times before: the world won't stop turning because one person dies. She was no one of immediate consequence, especially in the small circus world. Every person she met here, every one she'd formed a relationship with...they would move on and live on, and eventually realize how better their lives were without her.
At this point, Safie had completely receded into her mind. Blind to everything with her eyes shut, she hadn't noticed a shadow cast over her prone form. Deaf from her own thoughts trying to psyche her up to leave, she hadn't heard an amused chuckle ring out above her. Feeling someone lean against the end of her bed and put their face dangerously close to hers, Safie peeled her eyelids away. She was only mildly surprised to find herself staring right into a pair of hollow, pale lavender eyes.
"Haha...Hello, Little Red~"
"...Millo."

"...Millo." He was here. Right in her room, leaning over her with a huge smirk as if he'd just seen her yesterday. Safie's face remained blank for all of three seconds before her eyes glazed over in tears. No. No way he was really there. Her mind was playing tricks on her. She'd obviously gone insane with stress and now she was hallucinat—
"Y'know, this circus is really drab, and its workers are utterly inhospitable. Rude, too. Terrible place, really."
"..." Nope. That was him all right. Safie groaned and shoved herself into a sitting position, giving Millo enough room to scoot onto the bed and pull her into his lap. Almost instantly, his arms were around her.
He knew Safie inside and out. She never cried...not once had he ever seen her cry before. His Safie was tougher than that; his Little Red knew how to keep her cool. This woman burying her face against his shoulder...she wasn't his Safie. She wasn't the same one he'd left eight years ago. She'd grown up, certainly...but she'd changed emotionally as well. For example, had he tried holding her like this eight years ago, she'd have slapped him and called him a dirty old man.
Leaning her face away from his arm, Millo wiped the girl's cheeks clean of any tears. Before he could move, Safie held onto his hand firmly, pressing it to her cheek.
"You're here...you're actually here," she murmured, closing her eyes. "That's...great. You can take me with you now. You can let me leave..." With her teacher here, she could leave without question. He'd hide her from Ender's Hunters. If Safie learned anything from this man, it was how to hide. But actually hiding with him? Those people would be lucky to even glimpse them. "We can--"
Millo held up his free hand and gave his head a small shake. "Little Red, stop right there. I'm not here to take you with me. It's still not good for you to be close to me." He paused and pouted, setting his hand to his hip. "I honestly ended up in your room by accident. I should be in New Orleans, but those damn knives dropped me here." He failed to mention that this was actually the third time his knives brought him to the circus. It was like they wanted him to reconnect with her.
Not that he was completely displeased. He did miss Safie...his little knife-wielding apprentice. The poor girl had been on her own for so long, of course she'd have changed. Especially in a place like this. Millo couldn't quite put his finger on it, but there was something...strange here. He could sense something dark on Safie when he first met her, but now that same sensation was everywhere. Like there were dozens of Safies in the circus...or at least, people like her. But when he came here before, everyone seemed perfectly normal. So curious.
"Anyway, I didn't come here by choice, but it looks like I couldn't have dropped by at a better time. What's wrong with you, my Little Red?" The man smirked and pulled his hand away from her face just enough to squish her cheeks together. Fishy-faced Safie did not look amused...on the contrary, she only looked sadder. Letting out a defeated sigh, he clucked his tongue and pulled her back into a hug. "What could have possibly reduced my girl to such a sorry state?"
Safie closed her eyes again and leaned more into his embrace. Whether he was brought here by accident or not, she didn't care. It didn't matter. He was here now. And while she had a million more questions for him, it was clear Millo wasn't sticking around for long. When he says he isn't staying, he means it. So she'd just have to make the most of his presence at the moment. Taking a few calming breaths, she told her dear master everything that'd happened to her since her arrival six months ago, recalling every scrap of detail she could. About making friends and promptly losing them, two of them to her own stupidity. About Kylie, Vali, and Leslie. About trying to leave once before. It felt better to say it all out loud, yet at times her voice caught. Millo only listened with quiet interest, patting her head every now and then when she strained in her story.
"People, basically...I was an idiot. I got too close. I should've just remembered what you told me, Millo, I'm sorry. I should've kept away from them. I tried...I tried to make friends...I tried to trust them. I wanted them to trust me, but it...I don't know what to do anymore." Safie curled her knees to her chest and buried her face in her arms. "I wish I could just forget them all...I wish I didn't remember them." A harsh wish, but one she almost meant. Had she not cherished those three so much, she'd have almost demanded Millo made it so. The man himself rested his chin on top of Safie's head, mulling over that truly lengthy tale.
His poor Little Red, he thought with a small scowl. He'd left her before she'd even fully grasped how to behave, how to react...how to deal with different people. His socially-numb student would have to get herself out of this mess, but not before he offered some insight, and suggestions. If she'd listen to anyone, it was him. Based on her story, it didn't sound like she was listening to anyone else.
"My dear, it looks like you've bitten off a bit more than you can chew. Between Vali and Kylie—by the way, cute girl, but she's a real bitch—and this 'Sparky', I don't know why you didn't quit the moment Kylie punched you," he chuckled and shook his head, gently prying her chin out of her arms and up to meet his gaze. "My advice to you is this, Little Red: don't shelter yourself up in here and let these negative thoughts fester. Also, don't try to run from your problems. I taught you better than that, didn't I? Mama didn't raise no fool!" Hah, he probably deserved that nasty glare she sent him. "But seriously, just ignoring everything won't fix it, it'll only make it worse. And I know you don't want that. You're not like me, Safie, you can't hurt people and just ignore them afterwards. You want to make it better, so where leaving isn't an option, the smart man's option is simply...solving it."
"If I knew how to solve it, I wouldn't be here, curled up on--"
"Let me finish," he frowned and gave her nose a small flick, clearing his throat. "You solve it with compromise. Let's look at your situation, shall we?" Millo leaned back a bit and held up one finger. "Kylie. Your dearest friend, the first one you made here, yes? But she doesn't trust you anymore, not after you moved in on her boy. The same boy, another one of your friends, yet also the one who's whisked my Safie's heart away, right? Oh, don't give me that scowl, you just told me so yourself. He liked you, my dear, and he still does...but Kylie got him first, and that's the end of that. For now anyway." A small smile touched the man's lips as he lowered his hand to his lap. "Presently, that's how it is. But with what's to come, well...no one can see that. Regarding your rivalry with Kylie and your little crush on Vali...let it be what it is for now. The future is full of possibilities. You want your friends to move on...you must move on first. If you're as dear a friend to Kylie as she is to you, she'll forgive and forget. ...unless she's the type to hold a grudge, in which case, I'd move on from her, too." Millo's smile curled into a wide smirk as he rested his elbow on his knee. "Now, regarding Sparky...he's obviously a caring boy. How cute is that?~"
"Ugh..." Safie shook her head and crossed her arms, pulling herself out of Millo's lap and back onto her bed. Everything he'd just told her about Kylie and Vali...moving on, letting him go, even for a time...hearing it from his mouth made it all the more factual and all the more bitter. If Millo said it, it must be the right thing...no matter how painful it would be, she'd have to do it. Forgetting him...her heart felt like it was being strangled in her chest. Her bangs fell over her entire face as she slumped over a bit. She barely registered what Millo was saying until the word 'cute' left his mouth.
"Sparky's a sweetheart," she grumbled, burying her hand in her hair. "He's so nice sometimes he makes my teeth ache, honestly. But he's good...he's a good man. I don't want to hurt him, no more than I've hurt Kylie or Vali. I don't know if..." Safie sighed and shook her head, closing her eyes. "He's been through a lot. I want him to be happy. I'm not...I'm not a good person for him, especially for him to be happy." The last part was muttered, barely audible. Millo only laughed.
"You give yourself too little credit! Little Red, you're perfectly capable of making someone happy. For a time, you and Kylie were the best of friends, supporting each other through all the hard times. Well, except this one, clearly, ahaha~" He reached out and tilted her head back up to look at him, smiling never falling. "You wanted to help Kylie, you wanted her to be happy, too. And you did make her happy. This Leslie—geez, no wonder you call him 'Sparky', that's a terrible name for a boy—cares about you. He's your friend as well. However you feel about him, I certainly can't say...but if he's truly your friend, he can take whatever response you throw at him."
Millo's face was practically cracking with his smirk. "Electrocute yourself jumping him or dunk him in a pool and tell him to piss off, it's up to you. Both would be interesting to watch~"
"..." Safie sighed and leaned against her headboard, giving the white-haired man a hard stare. "...thanks, Millo...I mean it. I'll think...and then I'll act. I hope your knives drop you here more often," a small yet genuine smile touched her lips. "I missed you too much." She let out a weak laugh and closed her eyes, crossing her arms.
"Oh...don't go sentimental on me, Little Red. You know I'm not good with it," he pouted and hopped off the bed, leaning over her with a scowl. Of course, he couldn't keep that up for long. His own smile appeared on his face and he leaned down to give his girl a light kiss on the forehead. "You know I missed you, too. Take care, Little Red...I know you'll be fine."
When she opened her eyes again, he was gone.